### Creator code of conduct

 

### Jump to a section

 

### What is the creator code of conduct?•What happens to your TikTok account if there's a violation?•How to appeal if your account is restricted

 

### What is the creator code of conduct?

 The creator code of conduct outlines the behavior standards creators on TikTok must follow to participate in promotional and monetization programs on TikTok. We expect creators to behave in a manner, both on and off-platform, that doesn't jeopardize the safety of others or the integrity of our platform. All creators must follow our creator code of conduct in addition to our Community Guidelines , Terms of Service , and any policies relevant to our monetization products, such as TikTok Shop, Creator Rewards Program, and TikTok LIVE. Learn more about the creator code of conduct in our Creator Academy . 

### What happens to your TikTok account if there's a violation?

 If we believe you have violated our creator code of conduct, we'll notify you of the violation and any restrictions that may apply. You'll have the option to appeal if you believe we made a mistake. Different restrictions will apply depending on the severity and number of violations, including being restricted from participating in creator programs and other monetization activities for a period of time or a permanent ban from these programs. Keep in mind that we may temporarily restrict access to some creator features while your account is under review to prevent you from immediately re-engaging in violative behavior. 

### How to appeal if your account is restricted

 If you believe your account has been restricted by mistake, you can appeal our decision via the notification you receive about the violation. You can also contact us in the app . To submit an appeal: 1. In the TikTok app, tap **Inbox** . 2. Tap **System notifications** . 3. Tap **Account updates** . You may need to scroll across. 4. Tap the notification for the account restriction. 5. Tap **Appeal** and follow the steps to submit your appeal. Learn more about  content violations and bans on TikTok . 

### Was this helpful?

 Yes No 

# Helpful links

 Creating an account Setting up your profile