Creator Academy Home Knowledge base Courses Creator Center Community Guidelines Creator Code of Conduct Creator Code of Conduct 0 views Last updated: Apr 17, 2024 TikTok offers a number of programs, features, events and campaigns that support, promote and reward creators for their content and contributions to our platform (collectively, "Creator Activities"). We remind you that access to Creator Activities is a privilege and not a right. To help maintain a safe and welcoming environment for our community, we expect everyone to follow our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service . In addition, because creators who access Creator Activities are influential, have greater visibility, and are eligible to access features and receive rewards on our platform that other users are not, we hold them to a higher standard and expect that they will conduct themselves on and off TikTok in a manner that will not jeopardize the safety of others or the integrity of our platform, or which may otherwise tarnish, damage, or otherwise negatively affect the reputation or goodwill associated with TikTok, its affiliates, partners, suppliers or customers. **If they do, we may decline or revoke their eligibility to join or access our Creator Activities.** In addition to meeting our Community Guidelines , creators with access to Creator Activities, or who are seeking access to Creator Activities, must comply with any and all creator terms and creator program terms they have agreed to, should ensure their account remains in good standing order, and that their content on our platform is high quality and suitable for broad audiences (including youths aged 13+) and does not create potential harm to others. Creators who post content that is not eligible for the TikTok For You feed may also not be eligible for Creator Activities. We may prohibit or revoke access to Creator Activities generally if we determine that some of your content is deemed unsuitable for the FYF frequently, or restricted for minors. Creators' conduct, both on and off-platform, must also not create potential harm to others. If there are verifiable claims, including but not limited to, public records, such as indictments, convictions, credible news stories, pleas against a creator, or self-admission of misconduct by a creator, we may suspend their access to Creator Activities. As outlined in our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service , we may also suspend or permanently delete their account for violating our policies. Where behavior by a creator could cause potential harm to others but has occurred more than 7 years in the past, we may exercise our judgement to determine whether the creator still poses a threat to the safety of our community. Where we are satisfied that a creator no longer poses a danger, we may choose to not suspend or remove their access to Creator Activities, or we may reinstate their access following an appeal. We reserve the right to periodically review accounts and content for adherence to these standards. Below are examples of on and off-platform conduct which may result in ineligibility from Creator Activities, or temporary or permanent removal from Creator Activities. **Prohibited behaviors include, but are not limited to** : Bullying or harassing others. This includes sexual harassment, doxxing, blackmail, implicit or direct threats. Promoting, participating, or organizing harmful or dangerous activities that put people or animals in danger, such as incitement of violence, membership in a criminal or violent extremist organization, or animal cruelty. Promoting, encouraging or engaging in harm to yourself or others. Risking the safety and well-being of minors, including but not limited to, sexual misconduct towards minors, glamorizing or promoting dangerous activities, self-harm, suicide hoaxes or disordered eating, supplying regulated substances to a minor, inciting or encouraging criminal activities, or any form of exploitation. Engaging in sexual misconduct, including non-consensual sexual activity, blackmail or threats to share non-consensual intimate imagery. Promoting or engaging in imitable behaviors with potentially harmful effects to people, animals, or the environment. Promoting and taking part in hate speech or hateful behavior, such as endorsing or being a member of a known hate group. Exploiting a potentially traumatic ongoing tragedy or conflict (including making false claims). Taking part in criminal or fraudulent activities, such as trade of illlegal or counterfeit goods, bribery, illegal gambling, or by violating any law, statute or treaty. Participating in activities involving spam, fake engagement or continuous solicitation of engagement or gifts, misinformation, false representations or violations of intellectual property rights. This includes presenting sensitive topics in an inflammatory or polarizing manner to try and incentivize viewers to send gifts. Engaging in activities intended to unfairly advantage you or disadvantage others on the platform and/or in Creator Activities. This includes activities such as collusion, cheating, DDoSing, multiple-account abuse or use of non-approved technology. Ⓒ 2024 TikTok Terms of Service · Privacy Policy