Sensitive and Mature Themes 

## Sensitive and Mature Themes

 Released August 14, 2025 Effective September 13, 2025 TikTok welcomes a range of content, from family-friendly to more mature. Because our community is global, we consider cultural and regional differences when handling content that may be sensitive. To respect local norms , we may apply these guidelines differently depending on the region. 

### Body Exposure and Sexualized Behaviors

 TikTok is a place to celebrate who you are—your identity, your body, and your culture. It’s also a space where you can learn and have conversations about topics like sexuality and reproductive health. At the same time, we want to protect young people and respect diverse cultural norms. That’s why **we don’t allow certain types of body exposure or sexualized behavior** , including: 
- Nudity or sexual activity 
- Sexual Services 
- Sexually suggestive acts or significant body exposure involving youth While we generally don’t allow adult nudity or sexual activity, we make limited exceptions for documentaries, sex education, fiction, and art. We also recognize that ideas about clothing and body exposure vary across cultures, and reflect local norms in how we apply these rules. Some content, like significant adult body exposure or sexually suggestive behavior involving adults, is age-restricted and ineligible for the FYF. More information **Intent:** We don’t remove content just because someone finds it sexually arousing. The creator’s intent matters, which we infer by looking at context: bios, hashtags, captions, and sounds. We also understand that what's considered "suggestive" varies by region. **Nudity** : Being unclothed and showing body parts that are typically covered based on cultural norms. **Significant Body Exposure** : Being mostly unclothed or nearly nude. This includes implied nudity or wearing clothing that barely covers genitals, buttocks, or nipples. **Intimate Kissing** : Kissing that suggests the start of a sexual interaction. **Sexualized Framing** : Content that focuses on clothed intimate body parts through camera angles, editing, body positioning, or other methods and techniques. **Sexually Suggestive Acts** : Movements or actions meant to arouse, like imitating sexual acts or highlighting intimate body parts. This includes thrusting, striptease, or licking objects with sexual expressions. **Sexually Explicit Language** : Graphic descriptions of sexual acts, fantasies, or body parts, including kinks or fetishes. **Sex Product:** Any object or device designed to be used for sexual pleasure, like a sex toy. NOT ALLOWED 
- Showing: 
- Penetrative sex, non-penetrative sex, or oral sex—including digital or illustrated images, like manga 
- Physical sexual arousal or stimulation 
- Fetish or kink behavior, such as BDSM or sexual behavior involving a focus on specific body parts 
- Nudity of adults or young people—including digital or illustrated images, like manga 
- Significant body exposure of young people, such as wearing only underwear or lingerie 
- Facilitating access to sexual services, such as offering or asking for sexual acts, sexual chats or imagery, or pornography 
- Showing young people engaging in intimate kissing, sexually suggestive acts, or sexualized framing 
- Sexually explicit language involving or directed at young people 
- In some regions, adults using sexually explicit language or showing or promoting sex products **Learn more about CSAM inYouth Sexual and Physical Abuse** FYF INELIGIBLE & AGE-RESTRICTED 
- Showing: 
- Significant adult body exposure, such as wearing only nipple covers or underwear that doesn’t cover most of the buttocks 
- In some regions, moderate adult body exposure—such as the side breast or partial exposure of the buttocks that would be typically covered based on cultural norms 
- Adults engaging in intimate kissing, sexually suggestive acts, or sexualized framing 
- In some regions, adults using sexually explicit language or showing or promoting sex products FYF INELIGIBLE 
- In some regions, documentary, educational, medical, fictional, or artistic content that shows non-explicit adult sexualized behaviors or certain types of body exposure 
- Showing young people in clothing that reveals cleavage or outlines intimate body parts ALLOWED 
- Body exposure in everyday social contexts, such as wearing a swimsuit at a pool 
- Nudity of infants during childbirth 
- Implied nudity, partial buttocks, or bare chest or breasts of infants and toddlers under 4 
- Bare breasts of men and boys, including transgender and intersex people, and non-binary people 
- Kissing in non-intimate situations, such as a kiss on the cheek or quick kiss on the lips 
- Documentary, educational, medical, fictional, or artistic content that includes non-explicit adult sexualized behaviors or certain types of body exposure 
- Certain types of nudity and body exposure that are part of cultural behaviors and settings, like breastfeeding and traditional dress festivals (e.g. Carnival) 
- Reproductive health and sex education content, including showing sexual health products like condoms or diaphragms for educational or informational purposes 
- Sexual language used in non-sexual contexts, such as humor or stand-up comedy 

### Shocking and Graphic Content

 TikTok is a place to discover content that sparks joy, not shock or disgust. That’s why **we don’t allow anything extremely gory, disturbing, or violent, especially when it could cause psychological harm.** Some content that’s less graphic or shared in the public interest may be allowed, but it may be viewable only for users 18 and older or ineligible for the FYF. This includes: 
- Excessive blood 
- Graphic physical altercations 
- Graphic footage of events that would otherwise violate our rules but are in thepublic interestto view, such as wars and major disasters 
- Graphic fictional violence 
- Moments leading up to a serious accident or injury, even if the injury itself isn't shown We may also add a warning to help you manage your experience, especially for potentially distressing scenes. More information NOT ALLOWED 
- Depictions of real-world: 
- Graphic incidents and violence, such as torture, the moment of someone's death, or the shooting of an individual 
- Dead bodies 
- Graphic injury, such as dismembered, mutilated, charred, or burned bodies FYF INELIGIBLE & AGE-RESTRICTED 
- Depictions of real-world: 
- Bleeding that is significant or the focus of content 
- Fighting between individuals that may cause physical injury 
- Graphic incidents, violence, or injury in public-interest contexts, such as during war or natural disasters. Keep in mind that some of the most graphic imagery, such as the moment of an individual’s violent death or mutilation, is generally not allowed. FYF INELIGIBLE 
- Showing peaceful deaths or dead bodies in traditional memorial contexts 
- The build-up to a serious injury or accident, even if the injury itself isn’t shown 
- Fictional graphic incidents, violence, or injury ALLOWED 
- Blood in an educational, scientific, fictional, or artistic context 
- Food items made with blood, such as blood sausage, blood pudding, curd, or cake 

### Animal Abuse

 TikTok is a place that respects animals and celebrates the role they play in our lives across different cultures. **We don't allow animal abuse, cruelty, neglect, or any other form of animal exploitation.** **Learn more aboutanimal abuse, including how to contact animal welfare organizations in your region.** More information **Poaching** : Wildlife hunting without clear legal permission. **Bestiality** : Sexual activity between a human and an animal. NOT ALLOWED 
- Showing or promoting inhumane slaughter, mutilation, or abuse of animals, including staged animal fights 
- Showing or promoting mistreatment or neglect of animals, such as malnourishment 
- Showing dismembered, mutilated, charred, burned, or severely injured animals 
- Poaching 
- Bestiality FYF INELIGIBLE 
- Showing graphic animal abuse or injury in a documentary, educational, or scientific context 
- Showing the death or dismemberment of an animal in an established cultural context, such as a religious ritual 
- Showing graphic animal injury or death that isn't a result of human action, such as animals preying on each other 
- Showing the preparation of whole, dead, and uncooked animals. This includes skinning, cleaning, or dissecting the dead animal. ALLOWED 
- Food-related animal body parts, including items typically available in grocery stores 
- Documentary or educational content that reports on or condemns animal abuse, unless it shows graphic abuse