## For You feed Eligibility Standards

 Last updated, March 2023 The For You feed (FYF) is a unique TikTok feature that uses a personalized recommendation system to allow each community member the ability to discover a breadth of content, creators, and topics. In determining what gets recommended, the system takes into account factors such as likes, shares, comments, searches, diversity of content, and popular videos. Learn more about the recommendation system , as well as tools to help customize recommendations. Certain types of content may be fine if seen occasionally, but problematic if viewed in clusters (such as videos that involve dieting, extreme fitness, sadness, or sexual suggestiveness). This type of content may be eligible for the FYF but, to protect our community, we will interrupt repetitive content patterns to ensure it is not viewed too often. Learn more about our approach to safeguarding and diversifying recommendations. We maintain content eligibility standards for the FYF that prioritize safety and are informed by the diversity of our community and cultural norms. While the spontaneity of the FYF is what makes TikTok unique, it is intended for a range of audiences that includes everyone from teenagers to great grandparents. **We make ineligible for the FYF certain content that may not be appropriate for a broad audience related to: (1) Behavioral Health, (2) Sensitive and Mature Themes, (3) Integrity and Authenticity, and (4) Regulated Goods.** We may also make some of this content harder to find in search. We also know that the FYF opens creators to a large audience, which is not always appropriate for some young people. To give youth suitable room for exploration, we also do not make eligible for the FYF any content from accounts of creators under the age of 16. Content that is ineligible for the FYF can still be discovered in other ways, such as through search tools or by following an account. For a consolidated list of the specific types of content that are not eligible for the FYF, refer to “more information” below. **More information** The following types of content are allowed on our platform but do not meet our standards for the For You Feed (FYF). For additional discussion, use the links to visit each of the topic areas above. It should also be noted that when a video does not get many views, it may be due to a lack of community engagement rather than being ineligible for the FYF. Creators can use the TikTok analytics tool to track the performance of their videos. **FYF Ineligible** 
- Youth SafetyAny content created by an under-16 account 
- Dangerous Activities and ChallengesShowing activities that involve visible or imminent moderate physical harmPromoting activities that may lead to moderate physical harmShowing extreme sports or stunts performed by professionals in public spaces, such as jumps and tricks in skateboarding and freestyle bicycle motocross (BMX) 
- Body ExposureSignificant body exposure of adultsModerate body exposure of young people 
- Sexually Suggestive ContentSex products, such as sex toysIntimate kissingSexualized posingSeductive performances by adultsAllusions to sexual activity by adults 
- Shocking and Graphic ContentGraphic or potentially distressing footage of events in the public interest to view, such as clashes with law enforcement and the aftermath of a bombing or natural disasterFictional graphic violence and extreme physical fightingBlood of humans and animalsPotentially distressing material that may cause anxiety or fear, such as showing non-severe injuries, accidents, jump scare effects, and gory make-upMildly graphic material that may cause disgust, such as human and animal bodily functions and fluids (such as urine or vomit), dead animals, and close-ups of organs and certain animals (such as insects, rats)Genitalia and sexual activity of animals 
- MisinformationGeneral conspiracy theories that are unfounded and claim that certain events or situations are carried out by covert or powerful groups, such as “the government” or a “secret society”Unverified information related to an emergency or unfolding event where the details are still emergingPotential high-harm misinformation while it is undergoing a fact-checking review 
- Civic and Election IntegrityUnverified claims about the outcome of an election that is still unfolding and may be false or misleading 
- Fake EngagementContent that tricks or manipulates others as a way to increase engagement metrics, such as “like-for-like” promises and false incentives for engaging with content 
- Unoriginal Content and QR CodesReproduced or unoriginal content that is imported or uploaded without any new or creative edits, such as content with someone else’s visible watermark or superimposed logoLow quality content, such as extremely short clips and exclusively-GIF based videosQR codes (unless there is a low risk of harm, such as in the context of e-commerce) 
- Alcohol, Tobacco, and DrugsConsumption of excessive amounts of alcohol by adultsConsumption of tobacco products by adults **Key definitions** **Significant body exposure** includes showing part of the pubic area and buttocks, or implied nudity, such as using an object to cover nude genitalia. For young people, it also includes wearing minimal clothing, such as only underwear. **Moderate body exposure** includes showing the visible outline of covered genitalia, nipples through clothing, and exposed skin near an intimate body part, such as a part of a breast and the upper part of the thigh. **Sexualized posing** is behavior with the intent to sexually arouse, through a combination of: (1) emphasizing intimate body parts, such as by zooming in on genitals, or using hands to frame breasts; and (2) overt sexual expressions, including suggestive captions (such as “do you like what you see?”). **Allusion to sexual activity** is behavior with the intent to call to mind sexual activity, including imitating sexual acts (such as licking a phallic-shaped object), sounds (such as moaning), and facial expressions (such as an “O” face to mimic an orgasm). **Conspiracy theories** are beliefs about unexplained events or involve rejecting generally accepted explanations for events and suggesting they were carried out by covert or powerful groups. **Tobacco products** include vaping products, smokeless or combustible tobacco products, synthetic nicotine products, E-cigarettes, and other Electronic Nicotine Delivery Systems.