Accounts and Features 

## Accounts and Features

 Released August 14, 2025 Effective September 13, 2025 

### Accounts

 **You must be at least 13 years old to have a TikTok account** , though some places have different age restrictions. In the U.S., kids under 13 get a special TikTok experience with extra safety features, plus their own Privacy Policy . If we find that someone is too young to have an account, we will ban that account. We’ll also take action if someone breaks our Community Guidelines. That can mean a warning, a restriction, or a full ban, depending on what happened. If suspicious activity is detected, we may also require a user to complete some verification steps—such as SMS or email confirmation, CAPTCHA, or a login via a verified mobile device—to confirm that they own the account. We may ban an account or user for: 
- Repeated rule violations 
- A single, severe violation 
- Trying to avoid enforcement 
- Running accounts that are dedicated to breaking the rules, like spreading hate, the unauthorized trading of regulated, prohibited (e.g. counterfeit), or high-risk goods, or pretending to be someone else If someone seriously breaks the rules or tries to dodge enforcement, we may ban all of their accounts. **Severe violations include:** 
- Inciting or threatening serious violence when there’s a credible risk of harm or danger to public safety 
- Engaging in child sexual abuse, including sharing, helping others access, or downloadingCSAM, soliciting youth, or grooming 
- Sharing graphic imagery of adult sexual abuse, including non-consensual acts or image-based abuse 
- Coordinating or facilitating human trafficking or smuggling We may also restrict or ban accounts belonging to people who have engaged in egregious off-platform behaviors, when we have sufficient evidence to support enforcement. These behaviors include being the member of a violent or hateful organization , committing an act of sexual abuse against a youth or adult, promoting or engaging in severe violent crimes (like murder), or engaging in human trafficking. When assessing these cases, we consider several factors, including the time since the act occurred, whether penalties have been served, efforts toward rehabilitation, and the potential impact on public interest discussion. Sometimes, accounts that don’t break the rules still post a lot of content that’s ineligible for the FYF. In those cases, we may make the account and its content ineligible for the FYF and harder to find. **Learn more about account enforcementhere, and how to report an accounthere.** **News and Government, Politician, and Political Party Accounts** News and Government, Politician, and Political Party accounts can play important roles in civic processes and civil society. Like everyone else, the content they post must follow our rules—but we may handle account enforcement for them a little differently, to support free expression and human rights. If one of these accounts posts something that is a severe violation, we may ban the account. For repeated, but non-severe violations, we may: 
- Temporarily block their content from the FYF and appearing in followers’ feeds 
- In limited circumstances, also temporarily restrict the account from posting new content **Learn more about how we handle these types of accountshere.** More information **News Entities** : Organizations mainly focused on sharing news to inform or educate. To qualify as a news account, the account must be legally licensed, certified or recognized by an intergovernmental organization, regulator, or reputable press organization. **Governments and Politicians** : These include elected officials, candidates, government agencies, cabinet ministers, and official spokespeople. You can find details about who qualifies as a government, politician and political party account here . 

### TikTok LIVE

 LIVE creators must maintain a safe environment . If a LIVE session includes content that violates our policies, the session may be stopped, and the creator could face temporary restrictions from going LIVE. Repeated or serious violations, including attempts to bypass restrictions, may result in an account ban. **You must be 18 and older to go LIVE and to send gifts to a creator during a LIVE session** . If a creator repeatedly shares content that falls short of our FYF standards, then we may apply temporary restrictions, such as restricting the visibility of LIVE sessions or the use of certain LIVE features. LIVE sessions are also restricted to 18 and older when they contain content or behavior that isn't suitable for young people. Authenticity within LIVE is essential. Pretending to be someone else or streaming someone else’s content without permission may also lead to restrictions. In multi-guest LIVE sessions, if a guest shares anything that breaks the rules, they’ll be removed from the session, and the creator may lose access to guest features temporarily. In severe situations, the room may be stopped. If a guest shares content that’s FYF ineligible, the LIVE will be removed from the FYF. Lastly, LIVE creators are responsible for anything that happens during their sessions—even when it involves third-party tools like voice-to-text software, real-time translation, or on-screen comment displays. For example, if a voice-to-text tool reads out a harmful comment, the creator is still accountable for enabling that feature. Creators should actively monitor and manage any tools they use to help prevent violations. Repeated issues related to third-party tools may lead to restrictions on using LIVE or LIVE features. **Learn more about how to report a LIVEhere.** **LIVE Features and Monetization** LIVE is a monetizable feature through which you can earn rewards from TikTok. In addition to these Community Guidelines, in order to use LIVE to its full extent, you must comply with: 
- LIVE Monetization Guidelines, in order to retain access to monetization features 
- LIVE Feature Guidelines, to gain and retain access to the full suite of LIVE Features For further details on gifting and rewards, see our Virtual Items Policy and our Rewards Policy . **LIVE Commercial Content** To maintain transparency for our users, commercial content on LIVE must be disclosed using the commercial disclosure toggle. **Learn more about our policy regardingCommercial Disclosure and Paid Advertising.** In order to ensure that users have a positive experience when engaging with commercial content on our platform, we reduce visibility of content directing users to purchase products off-platform in markets where TikTok Shop is available. **LIVE Gaming** LIVE Gaming follows the rules in the sections above, with the important differences listed below. Eligible TikTok creators can use TikTok’s LIVE Studio or third-party tools to share the device screen to showcase gameplay. We restrict mature game content that may not be suitable for young viewers. More information NOT ALLOWED (LIVE sessions) 
- In addition to LIVE content that violates our rules (including content shared by a guest in a multi-guest LIVE): 
- LIVE content from an account holder under 18 
- LIVE gifts sent from an account holder under 18 
- Inallregions, LIVE sessions that: 
- Show physical altercations, even if they aren’t graphic 
- Show or promote firearms or explosive weapons 
- Participating in gambling or gambling-like activities 
- In some regions, LIVE sessions that show adults engaging in intimate kissing, sexualized framing, sexualized behavior, or sexually explicit language AGE-RESTRICTED (LIVE gaming) 
- In-game depictions of severely injured bodies 
- In-game depictions of animal suffering, as long as there is no promotion of animal abuse FYF INELIGIBLE (LIVE sessions) 
- In addition to LIVE content that does not meet our FYF eligibility standards (including content shared by a guest in a multi-guest LIVE), LIVE sessions that: 
- Direct users off-platform to purchase products online, in markets where TikTok Shop is available. 
- Trick or pressure people into giving Gifts or engaging, like “like-for-like” schemes or fake incentives 
- Stream unoriginal content without new or creative edits 
- Include repeated or prolonged actions that lack clear objectives or direct interaction that keeps viewers engaged in the LIVE session 
- Show potentially distressing material that may cause anxiety or fear, such as scary make-up or visual effects 
- Contain graphic material that may cause disgust, including human and animal bodily functions and fluids (such as urine or vomit) 
- Show low quality content, such as black, blank, or blur screens 

### Search

 TikTok Search helps you discover content. In some situations—such as when there’s an elevated risk of harm to users or communities—we may limit visibility of certain search results. In addition, some content that’s allowed on TikTok may not be suitable for all audiences, and might not appear as a top result. Search results and recommendations may look different for everyone. That’s because we consider things like your past searches and what you’ve watched to help make results more relevant. We also try to highlight content from reliable sources at the top. We recommend searches across TikTok to support discovery, learning, and exploration. To help ensure the experience remains safe and enjoyable, we prioritize entertaining and informative content in search recommendations, and don't recommend terms associated with harassment, sensationalism, or graphic and disturbing themes. If you see a search recommendation that you believe violates our Community Guidelines, report it to us **here.** 

### External Links

 Creators often share links in their bios, profiles, or videos to help you find more content. While many of these links are useful or informative, some lead to harmful content that isn’t allowed on TikTok. If a link breaks our rules, we’ll remove it. We may also temporarily stop you from posting links—or, for severe violations , ban your account. 

### Comments

 Comments let you connect with others, which is a big part of TikTok. If a comment breaks our rules, we’ll remove it. If someone keeps breaking the rules, we may limit or remove their ability to comment; in more severe cases, we may ban their account. Comments are sorted based on multiple aspects, including your past replies, likes, and reports. This helps keep the comment section relevant and engaging, and it may look different from one person to the next. Comments may be sorted lower if they don’t add to the conversation, like: 
- Spam: Random text, irrelevant promotions, or links 
- Profanitythat’s non-neutral or targets others 
- Offensive Statements: Aggressive or provocative remarks about someone **Learn more about thetoolsyou can use to control the comments on your own videos, and how to report a commenthere.** 

### Direct Messages

 Direct messages (DMs) let you share videos and chat with one or more people. Some businesses also use automated tools to reply to messages. **You must be 16 and older to use DMs.** If you violate "Not Allowed" rules, your message will be removed and you might be temporarily blocked from sending new ones. Repeat or severe violations can result in an account ban. **Learn more about how to report a direct messagehere.** 

### Monetization

 TikTok offers tools that enable creators to earn money and cash rewards, and help businesses grow. **You must be 18 and older to use monetization features.** To be eligible, you need to meet entry criteria and follow feature-specific rules. This includes, but isn't limited to, LIVE gifting , TikTok Shop, the Creator Rewards Program , TikTok Series , TikTok Subscriptions , TikTok Location Services , and TikTok Ads . To retain access to LIVE rewards from TikTok, LIVE creators must also comply with the LIVE Monetization Guidelines . Creators participating in all monetization programs must follow the Creator Code of Conduct . If you break the rules, we may temporarily restrict your access. Repeated violations can lead to permanent loss of monetization features. Content that isn’t eligible for the FYF may also be restricted from monetization. All commercial content must be disclosed using the content disclosure setting . This applies to content that promotes your brand or involves payment or perks from a third party. Branded content must also follow our Branded Content Policy , TikTok’s Ads Creative Policy , and Industry Entry Policy and—where relevant—TikTok Shop Policies. If we find commercial content that hasn’t been properly disclosed, we may apply the content disclosure setting ourselves or remove it from the FYF. Repeated issues could lead to your account being temporarily restricted from posting content, or an account ban.