Youth Safety and Well-Being 

## Youth Safety and Well-Being

 Released April 17, 2024 Effective May 17, 2024 We are deeply committed to TikTok being a safe and positive experience for people under the age of 18 (we refer to them as "youth" or "young people"). This starts by being old enough to use TikTok. **You must be 13 years and older to have an account.** There are additional age limitations based on local law in some regions. In the United States, there is a separate under-13 TikTok experience that offers additional safeguards, including restricting interactive features, content suitability assessments from Common Sense Networks , and a dedicated Privacy Policy . If you create a new account in the United States with a birthdate that shows you are under the age of 13, you will automatically enter into this experience. If we learn someone is below the minimum age to have an account on TikTok, we will ban that account. If you believe you were incorrectly banned, you can appeal the decision. Anyone can report accounts that they suspect are under the minimum age, either in-app or online . We do not allow content that may put young people at risk of psychological, physical, or developmental harm. If we become aware an account holder has a severe violation or has committed a sexual offense against a young person, we will ban the account, as well as any other accounts belonging to that person. We report incidents of youth sexual abuse and exploitation to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children ( NCMEC ). We also report to relevant law enforcement authorities when there is a specific, credible, and imminent threat to human life or serious physical injury. To provide young people with an experience that is developmentally suitable and a safe space for self-exploration, we take several steps including: 
- Setting minimum age requirements for access tocertain product features, including being 16 years and older to have your content be eligible for the FYF 
- Using restrictivedefault privacy settings 
- Developing content levels to restrict content that may not be suitable for people under the age of 18, and providing you with content filtering options You can learn more about TikTok's tools, controls, and educational content on our Youth Portal and in our Guardian’s Guide . We allow a range of content on our platform, but some of it is only made available to adults. Here is a consolidated "quick guide" of content restricted from younger audiences. RESTRICTED (18 years and older) **Disordered Eating and Body Image** 
- Showing, describing, promoting, or offering or requesting coaching for potentially harmful weight management behaviors including: 
- Restrictive low-calorie diets, such as extended intermittent fasting 
- Using medication or supplements for weight loss or muscle gain, such as anabolic steroid use 
- Exercises designed for rapid and significant weight loss, such as cardio routines that promise to help you lose a waist size in a week 
- Promoting weight loss or muscle gain products, such as sharing a before-and-after transformation 
- Promoting body types as ideal or perfect, when associated with potentially harmful weight management behaviors 
- Showing or promoting cosmetic surgery that does not include risk warnings, including before-and-after images, videos of surgical procedures, and messages discussing elective cosmetic surgery **Dangerous Activity and Challenges** 
- Showing activity that involves visible or imminent moderate physical harm, or promoting activity that is likely to lead to moderate physical harm 
- Showing activity that is likely to be imitated and may lead to any physical harm **Nudity and Body Exposure** 
- Showing semi-nudity of adults, such as wearing only nipple covers or underwear that does not cover the majority of the buttocks **Sexually Suggestive Content** 
- Showing adults engaging in intimate kissing, sexualized framing, or sexualized behavior 
- Showing sex products **Shocking and Graphic Content** 
- Showing human or animal blood 
- Showing extreme physical fighting 
- Showing graphic or potentially distressing footage of events that are in the public interest to view, such as clashes with law enforcement or the aftermath of a bombing or natural disaster **Gambling** 
- Showing or glamorizing gambling or gambling-like activities, such as filming someone gambling or making any general positive statements about gambling **Alcohol, Tobacco, and Drugs** 
- Discussing drugs or other regulated substances (as long as the substances are not being used or shown) 
- Showing the consumption of excessive amounts of alcohol by adults 
- Promoting tobacco products 
- Showing the consumption of tobacco products by adults 
- Promoting alcohol products More information **Potentially harmful weight management** means diets, medication, or exercise used for rapid or drastic weight loss or muscle gain that may create a long-term health or well-being risk. **Moderate physical harm** is harm that is unlikely to require professional medical treatment and does not pose a risk of disability or disfigurement. This includes small cuts with minimal blood loss and minor bruising on the body. **Semi-nudity** means being mostly unclothed and close to (but not actually) nude, such as implied nudity or wearing clothes that minimally cover intimate body parts. **Intimate body parts** means genitalia, buttocks, and breasts (including nipple and areola). **Intimate kissing** means kissing that may indicate sexual arousal or the beginning of a sexual interaction. **Sexualized framing** means content that intentionally emphasizes clothed intimate body parts through techniques, such as filming, editing, or positioning of the body in front of the camera. **Sexualized behavior** means behavior that is intended to be sexually arousing, including performances or repetitive body movements emphasizing intimate body parts, and imitating sexual acts. **Sex product** means an object or device that is designed to be used for sexual pleasure, such as a sex toy. **Gambling** is betting money (including digital currencies, such as bitcoin) or something of monetary value on an event with an uncertain outcome, for a financial gain. **Gambling-like activities** means activities that do not rise to the level of gambling, but are similar in behavior and carry similar risks, such as social casinos and gambling-related software. **Tobacco products** include vaping products, smokeless or combustible tobacco products, synthetic nicotine products, E-cigarettes, and other Electronic Nicotine Delivery Systems. **Regulated substances** include prescription drugs, over-the-counter drugs, compressed air canisters (whippets), and nitrite poppers. **TikTok** 

#### Company

 About TikTok Newsroom Contact Careers ByteDance 

#### Programs

 TikTok for Good TikTok for Developers Effect House Advertise on TikTok TikTok Browse TikTok Embeds TikTok Rewards Download TikTok Scaled LIVE rewards 

#### Resources

 Help Center Safety Center Privacy Center Creator Academy Community Guidelines Transparency Accessibility 

#### Legal

 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Intellectual Property Policy TikTok Law Enforcement Guidelines Children's Privacy Policy © 2025 TikTok