Rewards Policy Last updated: July 2025 (This Rewards Policy applies to users living in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland and the UK) **You must be at least 18 years old to take part in Rewards Programs and receive Rewards.** This Rewards Policy (“ **Rewards Policy** ”) applies to Platform users that participate in an incentive program, promotion, and/or campaign offered by TikTok (each, a “ **Rewards** **Program** ”). TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (a company registered in England) and TikTok Technology Limited (a company registered in Ireland) (together, “ **TikTok** ”) jointly offer Rewards Programs to you. However, TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited is solely responsible for any payment, financial or tax obligations in relation to Rewards Programs. If you participate in a Rewards Program, you may be eligible to receive virtual and/or physical rewards from TikTok (each, a " **Reward** ") in recognition of satisfying the relevant Rewards Program's requirements. The Reward available depends on the Rewards Program and your location. Please see "What are Rewards and how do you receive them?" below for more information. When you take part in a Rewards Program, your participation is governed by this Rewards Policy and any other applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions made available to you when you join the Rewards Program, and, if you are a creator, by our Creator Code of Conduct , and for LIVE creators, our LIVE Monetization Guidelines (together with this Rewards Policy, “ **Rewards** **Program Terms** ”). Our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines also apply to your participation in Rewards Programs in the same way as they apply to any other activities on the Platform. Our Privacy Policy describes how we process your personal data. If there is a conflict between this Rewards Policy and applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions, the Rewards Program-specific provisions will apply. Capitalised terms not defined in this Rewards Policy have the meanings given to them in our Terms of Service and Virtual Items Policy . In short: This Rewards Policy and any applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions apply when you participate in Rewards Programs on TikTok. You must also comply with our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines and, if you are a creator, with our Creator Code of Conduct , and for LIVE creators, our LIVE Monetization Guidelines as well. 

## 1. Who is eligible to participate in a Rewards Program?

 To participate in a Rewards Program, you must: 
- Live in the UK, Switzerland or the EEA. The EEA includes countries in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
- For individuals, be at least 18 years old. 
- Not be an employee, officer or contractor of TikTok or its group companies. 
- Have an active account on the Platform. 
- Have complied with all relevant obligations and not be in breach or suspected breach of the Rewards Program Terms, ourTerms of Service, ourCommunity Guidelinesor any other applicable policies. 
- Participate in the Rewards Program independently, which means you complete the missions or activities in the Rewards Program by yourself (with your own TikTok account) and without the help of third parties, computers or otherwise. 
- Meet any additional eligibility criteria for the Rewards Program, as set out in the relevant Rewards Program-specific provisions and/or in the Rewards Program-specific pages. 
- Not use a government and public interest account for participating. In short: You must be at least 18 years old and meet certain other eligibility criteria (above) to take part in Rewards Programs. 

## 2. How can you participate in a Rewards Program?

 The relevant Rewards Program-specific provisions will include information and instructions on who is eligible to participate, how to participate, what Rewards are available, and how you may receive them. For example, some Rewards Programs may: 
- Require you to collect a certain number of Virtual Items, such as Points (as defined in theVirtual Items Policy); 
- Require you to complete certain activities, like:Completing predefined activities or actions ("Engagement Action"); orReferring friends who create a new account on the Platform via a referror's code or link, and where applicable, those friends complete certain Engagement Actions after account creation (a "Referral Program"); and/or 
- Reward you for your popularity and/or for creating content on our Platform. There is no charge to enter Rewards Programs. In short: Rewards Program-specific provisions will tell you what Rewards are available and what you must do to receive them. 

## 3. What are Rewards and how do you receive them?

 A “ **Reward** ” can be: 
- Digital goods and/or services supplied by TikTok (such as Coins and profile frames, as outlined in our Virtual Items Policy), or coupons and discount vouchers for other services that we supply; 
- Merchandise, real-world experiences, or hospitality from TikTok; 
- A monetary reward from TikTok (“Reward Payment”); and/or 
- Other goods, services or other benefits supplied by a third-party supplier (“Supplier”), such as a gift card, coupons, discount vouchers, real-world experiences or trips, or merchandise. We provide Rewards to (amongst other things): 
- Recognise a creator's contributions to the Platform for the quality and quantity of content they share, the level of their viewer engagement, and their popularity. Popularity is measured through TikTok’s allocation of a Virtual Item known as a Diamond. The type and number of Gifts activated in a LIVE is used by TikTok to determine the popularity of content and a creator. For more information, please see ourVirtual Items Policy; 
- Incentivise you to try new features or products; 
- Thank you for your active participation on the Platform; and/or 
- Thank you for successfully inviting new users to the Platform. The relevant Rewards Program-specific provisions will include detailed information about what Rewards are available under that Rewards Program and how to receive them. If you participate in a Rewards Program and are eligible to receive a Reward, TikTok will send you an in-app notification or contact you via other channels (as appropriate) to tell you how to claim the Reward. You must follow the instructions provided to claim or use a Reward. If a Reward is dependent on you collecting a certain number or type of Virtual Items, the amount needed will be explained to you in the Rewards Program-specific provisions. In some instances, to receive a Reward you will need to submit a request. You can normally do this from within your TikTok account. Once you submit a request for a Reward, we may need time to review your request. We will do our best to complete our review within twenty-four (24) hours, although some requests may take longer. You are responsible for paying any taxes related to any Rewards you receive. All Rewards are given inclusive of tax (if applicable). TikTok is authorised, if we reasonably believe we are required, to withhold and/or deduct tax from payments and to pay over these amounts to any tax authority. If any such withholding and/or deduction is required, you will not be entitled to any additional payment from TikTok. TikTok is under no obligation to support you in making a claim for refund or relief from any tax authority. **Rewards cannot be transferred to anyone else, and you cannot exchange them for anything else.** You are responsible for your use of Rewards. We do not offer refunds or reimbursements for Rewards you have received, unless we are at fault or are otherwise legally required to. Unless the Rewards Program-specific provisions state otherwise, your ability to receive a Reward will expire two (2) years from the date you are first eligible to receive it. Some Rewards will have a time limit within which you can use them. You must claim and use them by the expiration date (as applicable) or you will forfeit the Reward. TikTok is under no obligation to extend any unclaimed or unused Rewards that have expired. We do our best to ensure that we reward you with the correct number and type of Rewards. If we learn that a mistake was made when providing a Reward, we will correct the mistake as soon as we can. TikTok may offer you a different Reward to the one set out in the Reward Program-specific provisions, but this will be equivalent to or better than the original Reward. 

### Monetary Rewards

 A Rewards Program may allow you to receive a Reward Payment. To be eligible for a Reward Payment you must: 
- Meet our eligibility requirements, as set out in the applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions; 
- Provide us with any relevant information we request (including to verify your identity, age and location); and 
- Provide us with details of a valid payment account or payment instrument with a payment provider we support and registered in your legal name, such as a bank account or a PayPal account (a “Preferred Account”). You must make sure that the information you provide is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you provide inaccurate information, we will not be responsible for any delays or issues with Reward Payments, and you will bear any resulting consequences, such as lost, stolen, or misdirected funds or other harm. For some Rewards Programs, a Reward Payment may be displayed to you as being available to be paid out immediately or at a later date. Until you receive a Reward Payment in your Preferred Account, any amount displayed to you belongs to TikTok. Minimum and maximum Reward Payment limits may apply, along with transaction fees. Information on these is here . We’ll also let you know if you need to meet any other minimum requirements before we make the Reward Payment. We take into account a range of factors when deciding what Reward Payment will be available to you. For example, for Reward Payments arising from your LIVE content, the factors we take into account may include: your popularity on the Platform (measured in Diamonds collected), LIVE duration, the number of new unique followers while you are LIVE, the number of active members or subscribers to your community, the number of days you have gone LIVE, your league or ranking, and the quality and safety of your LIVE content. More information about how we calculate Reward Payments for going LIVE can be found here . Reward Payments are calculated in USD. We will display the estimated amount in your local currency for ease of reference. If we transfer a Reward Payment to your Preferred Account in your local currency, there may be a cost related to this conversion, which will be applied to your Reward Payment. Details of applicable transaction fees and foreign exchange rates will be displayed to you before you request or receive a Reward Payment. Depending on the Rewards Program, a Reward Payment may be available to be paid to your Preferred Account periodically or following your request. We are not responsible for any loss or damage caused by a third-party payment method or payment service provider, or any interruption of services being offered by a third-party payment service provider to you, provided it is not as a result of our actions. 

### Other Rewards

 Some Rewards Programs allow you to receive a non-monetary Reward from TikTok, for example Virtual Items. Further examples of non-monetary rewards can be found above. Sometimes, a non-monetary Reward will be supplied by a Supplier, although TikTok will still be the party responsible for determining the eligibility for the Reward (as covered in the Rewards Program Terms and applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions). Each Supplier is a separate and distinct organisation from TikTok. Suppliers may have their own terms (" **Supplier T&Cs** ") that you must comply with to use their product or service or to successfully claim a Reward, which are supplementary to the Rewards Programs Terms. You must: 
- If required, create or log in to an account with the Supplier to use their product or service; 
- Read and agree to the Supplier T&Cs before claiming the applicable Reward; 
- Ensure that you are eligible to claim the Reward; and 
- Verify the validity period of the Reward. TikTok has no liability for, or control over, the Supplier T&Cs or your use of a Reward supplied by a Supplier. TikTok shall under no circumstances be a party to any agreement between you and the Supplier for a Reward supplied by them. Your use of Rewards in accordance with Supplier T&Cs is not sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, TikTok. In short: TikTok offers Rewards to incentivise and thank you for your contributions to the Platform. You may be able to receive monetary Rewards by meeting eligibility requirements and linking a supported payment account, subject to the terms set out above. Non-monetary Rewards, including digital and physical goods and services, may also be offered by TikTok and be provided by TikTok or a third-party Supplier. 

## 4. Why did I not receive a Reward or why was my Reward deducted?

 We may deduct a Reward that you have become eligible to receive (in part or in full), or you may not receive a Reward (including a Reward Payment) at all, or receipt of the Reward may be delayed or we may revoke your eligibility to request it, if: 
- You do not provide us with the information that we reasonably ask for in accordance with our instructions; 
- For a Reward Payment, you do not provide us with a verified and supported Preferred Account; 
- We are required to withhold, suspend, delay or re-direct any Reward (or part of it) for legal, regulatory, risk management or security reasons; 
- You have breached any applicable law, rule or regulation, or we determine, acting reasonably and objectively, that you have acted in a manner that means you have breached the law, the Rewards Program Terms, applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions, ourTerms of Service, and/or ourCommunity Guidelines; 
- Your Reward has been obtained dishonestly; 
- We reasonably believe providing you with a Reward may cause reputational damage to us; 
- Your content falsely states, misrepresents, or conceals any affiliation or commercial relationship with any person or entity (including whether or not in breach of ourBranded Content Policy); 
- You otherwise used your TikTok account or engaged in activity on TikTok in violation of any applicable TikTok policy, law, or regulation; and/or 
- We determine, acting reasonably and objectively depending on the seriousness of the suspected breach, that you have tampered with, or have attempted to tamper with, the process or the operation of a Rewards Program. We may, for security, legal, or regulatory reasons and/or to maintain the integrity of your account and/or the Platform, suspend, delay or re-direct any requested Rewards and/or your eligibility to receive a Reward Payment. We will attempt to contact you if we have to do this. However, there may be situations where we need to make urgent changes for security, legal or regulatory reasons, and we may not be able to provide you with advance notice. In such cases, we will endeavor to use commercially reasonable efforts to inform you of such changes as soon as we can. In short: We may withhold or delay (in part or in full) the granting of a Reward where we have cause to do so. 

## 5. When can a Rewards Program change?

 We may change the Rewards Program Terms, applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions, or a Rewards Program at any time for legal, regulatory or business reasons. These changes may include who can participate in a Rewards Program, how to receive Rewards and how a Reward Payment is calculated. We will give you reasonable advance notice, in a transparent manner, of significant changes which will impact you and the date that they will come into force. The changes will only apply to our relationship going forward. Where we need to make urgent changes for security, safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to provide you with advance notice, but we will let you know as soon as we are able to. Within this notice period, you will be able to continue to use the Rewards Program under the then-current terms. If you do not agree with the proposed changes, you can withdraw from the Rewards Program before the changes come into effect. In short: If we materially change the Rewards Program Terms, applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions, or a Rewards Program, we will normally tell you in advance. It won’t change anything between us that has happened already but, if you want to keep using the Rewards Program in the future, you will need to agree to the changes. If you do not agree, you can withdraw from the Rewards Program. 

## 6. When would a Rewards Program, or my access to it, be terminated or suspended?

 

### Termination or suspension of your access to a Rewards Program

 We may investigate any suspected breach of the Rewards Program Terms, applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions, our Terms of Service or our Community Guidelines . While we do so, we may deny or suspend your access to some or all the features of a Rewards Program (including any Reward), including without prior notice to you, depending on the seriousness of the suspected breach. We may temporarily or permanently disable, suspend, or terminate your access to a Rewards Program, the Rewards (including Rewards you have received), or Rewards Program-related product features and services if: 
- We are required to do so for legal, regulatory, risk management or security reasons; 
- Acting reasonably and objectively depending on the seriousness of the suspected breach we believe that:you have been, are currently or are about to be in material or repeated breach of the Rewards Program Terms, applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions, Terms of Service or Community Guidelines;you have tampered with, or have attempted to tamper with, the process or the operation of a Rewards Program; and/oryou are encouraging gifting through the representation of fundraising campaigns and/or donations without TikTok’s consent. We may also immediately, temporarily or permanently deny, suspend or terminate your access to a Rewards Program or Rewards that you have received if acting reasonably and objectively depending on the seriousness of the suspected breach we believe that you are involved in any situation or occurrence which reflects unfavourably upon you or TikTok (including the Platform or the Rewards Program). Where appropriate and legally permissible, we will tell you if we suspend or terminate your access to a Rewards Program. If you think we have made a mistake in suspending or terminating your access to a Rewards Program, then you can appeal by either following the instructions to appeal on the Community Guidelines violation notice or LIVE Monetization Guidelines violation notice (as applicable). 

### Termination or suspension of a Rewards Program

 We may terminate or suspend a Rewards Program (in part or in full) by giving you reasonable notice, including for the following: 
- There are changes in circumstances beyond our reasonable control; 
- There are technical problems with a Rewards Program that cannot be resolved within a reasonable time; or 
- Where changes in relevant law, a court decision or a decision by a regulatory authority prohibits a Rewards Program in part or in full. If we terminate or suspend a Rewards Program for any of the above reasons, you may receive the accrued Rewards that you are entitled to, unless you are prohibited from doing so by a court or regulatory authority. If we partly or fully terminate or suspend a Rewards Program for any of the above reasons, we will attempt to provide you notice. 

### Your withdrawal from a Rewards Program

 You may end your participation in a Rewards Program at any time. If you do so, then, subject to the provisions of the Rewards Program Terms and this Rewards Policy, you may be given an opportunity to receive any accrued Rewards you are still eligible to receive. In short: We have rules and, if you break them, TikTok can take action against you, which may include terminating your access to Rewards Programs and/or Rewards. We may also terminate or suspend a Rewards Program under certain circumstances. You may choose to end your participation in a Rewards Program at any time. 

## 7. Liability

 TikTok cannot guarantee that our Rewards Programs will always function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. TikTok does not accept responsibility for any losses (including loss of opportunity): (1) unless caused by our breach of this Rewards Policy or any other applicable Rewards Program-specific provisions, or otherwise by our acts; (2) which are not reasonably foreseeable as likely to arise from the relevant breach at the time you begin participating in the relevant Rewards Program; (3) which are business losses; or (4) arising as a result of events beyond our reasonable control, for example natural disasters, activities subject to the instructions of government agencies or actions taken by governments, cyberattacks, pandemic or system failure of the Platform. However, we do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you in any way where it would be unlawful to do so. We cannot, and do not, exclude our liability: (1) for damages arising out of injury or death based on negligent acts or omissions by us, or our legal representatives or designated agents; (2) to the extent we have provided a guarantee (which must be expressly designed as such in order to be a guarantee in the legal sense); or (3) for damages arising from our fraudulent misrepresentation, wilful misconduct or gross negligence. In short: Our Rewards Programs may not always function perfectly. If you suffer loss or damage as a result of this, we may or may not compensate you for this loss, depending on the specific circumstances. We are not responsible for certain losses, including those not caused by our breach, or outside our reasonable control. However, we will accept responsibility in the circumstances we are legally required to do so, as set out in this section. 

## 8. Contact Us

 If you have any questions, please contact us here .