# Virtual Items Policy

 Our Virtual Items Policy will be updated on 2019/12/20. The TikTok Diamond Program (the “ **Program** ”) is open to all users of the Services and is subject to the following terms and conditions of this Virtual Items Policy. We may make the following products and incentives available to you on our Platform from time to time. 

## 1.COINS

 
- Any user of our Services may purchase virtual “coins” (“Coins”) from us using authorised payment methods provided by Apple or Google. All charges and payments for Diamonds will be made in the currency specified at the point of purchase through the relevant payment mechanism. Currency exchange settlements, foreign transaction fees and payment channel fees, if any, are based on your agreement with the applicable payment provider. The price of the Coins will be displayed at the point of purchase. You will be responsible for the payment of any Coins purchased by you. 
- Once your purchase has been completed, your user account will be credited with Coins. [Our acceptance of your order will take place when we email you to accept it, at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us. If you wish to make changes to your purchase, please contact us. We will let you know if this change is possible. Please note that changes may impact price as well as other aspects of the product. If you live in the European Union, you have certain rights to withdraw from a purchase under the Consumer Rights Directive and its implementing legislation. However, if you purchase Coins, you acknowledge and agree that we start supplying the Coins to you promptly once the purchase is complete and therefore, your right to cancel or withdraw from the agreement to purchase is lost at this point.] 
- Coins cannot be exchanged for cash, or legal tender, or currency of any state, region, or any political entity, or any other form of credit. Coins can only be used on our Platform and as part of our Services, and cannot be combined or used in conjunction with other promotions, coupons, discounts or special offers, except those designated by us. 
- No Coins may be assigned or transferred to any other user of the Services or third party except as expressly permitted by Bytedance in writing. The sale, barter, assignment or other disposal of any Coins, other than by Bytedance, is expressly prohibited. Accrued Coins do not constitute property and are not transferable: (a) upon death; (b) as part of a domestic relations matter; or (c) otherwise by operation of law. Any Coins assigned, sold, or otherwise transferred without the express written consent of Bytedance are void. Any user of the Services who violates the foregoing restriction is subject to the termination of account with Bytedance, forfeiture of Coins from his or her account, and/or liability for damages and litigation and transaction costs. 
- All Coins of a user will expire automatically upon termination of such user’s account for any reason. 
- You agree that we have the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Coins[, where we have a valid reason to do so,] in any general or specific case, and that we will have no liability to you based on its exercise of such right. 
- If you have any problems with the purchase of Coins, please contact us at feedback@tiktok.com. 

## 2.GIFTS

 
- Virtual gifts of the Program (“Gifts”) constitute a limited license right for you to certain feature of digital products and Services of the Services. You may exchange your Coins for various Gifts. The exchange rate between each Coin and Gift will be displayed on our Platform at the point of exchange. Published prices do not include taxes (and, to the extent required by applicable laws in your jurisdiction, shall include taxes). If any Gifts are subject to sales tax in any jurisdiction and you have not paid the applicable sales tax to us, then you will be responsible for the payment of such sales tax and any related penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority. You agree that we have the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such exchange rate as we see fit in our sole discretion, in any general or specific case, and that we will have no liability to you based on our exercise of such right. 
- [Our acceptance of your order will take place when we email you to accept it, at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us. If you wish to make changes to your purchase, please contact us. We will let you know if this change is possible. Please note that changes may impact price as well as other aspects of the product.] 
- All sales of Gifts are final and we do not offer refunds for any purchased Gifts. 
- When you have exchanged your Coins for Gifts, such Coins will have been used up in your user account. Instead, your user account will be credited with Gifts. Gifts cannot be converted into or exchanged for Coins or cash, or be refunded or reimbursed by us for any reason. 
- Gifts exchanged or received by any User do not constitute property and are not transferable: (a) upon death; (b) as part of a domestic relations matter; or (c) otherwise by operation of law. 
- Bytedance may replace previously exchanged copies of Gifts, if we determine in our sole discretion that the Gifts exchanged or received by a user is corrupted or otherwise damaged. We will not charge additional fee for reissuing a corrupted or otherwise damaged Gift. If you receive a corrupted or otherwise damaged Gift, then please conduct us at feedback@tiktok.com. Bytedance reserves the right to terminate, in its sole and absolute discretion, the account of any User that is deemed to be abusing this provision. 
- In relation to a live stream product, you may contribute your Gifts to rate or show your appreciation for an item of User Content that is uploaded or streamed by another user (“Content Provider”). When this functionality is available on the Services, you can contribute Gifts to User Content by clicking the “Give Gift” button below the relevant User Content. When you have contributed a Gift to an item of User Content, this Gift will have been used up in your account, and converted into Diamond (as defined and further explained below) in the Content Provider’s account. 
- Please note that when you give a Gift to another user you do so publically so other users on the Services (including the recipient of the Gift) can see your name, user ID and the details of the Gift that you gave. [By giving a Gift, you consent to this information being made available in this manner.] 
- If you have any problems with Gifts, please contact us at feedback@tiktok.com. 

## 3.DIAMONDS

 
- In a live stream product, a Content Provider will be entitled to earn virtual credit (“Diamond”) based on the Gifts he/she receives, as a measurement by us on the popularity of the relevant User Content, at a rate of conversion to be determined by Bytedance from time to time in its absolute and sole discretion. For purposes of clarity, users cannot purchase Diamonds. 
- No Diamonds may be assigned or transferred to any other user of the Services or third party except as expressly permitted by Bytedance in writing. Diamonds cannot be exchanged for Coins or Gifts. The sale, barter, assignment, exchange, transfer or other disposal of any Diamonds, other than by Bytedance, is expressly prohibited. Accrued Diamonds do not constitute property and are not transferable: (a) upon death; (b) as part of a domestic relations matter; or (c) otherwise by operation of law. Any Diamonds assigned, sold, or otherwise transferred without the express written consent of Bytedance are void. Any user of the Services who violates the foregoing restriction is subject to the termination of account with Bytedance, forfeiture of Diamonds from his or her account, and/or liability for damages and litigation and transaction costs. 
- You agree that Bytedance has the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Diamonds as it sees fit in its sole discretion, in any general or specific case, and that Bytedance will have no liability to you based on its exercise of such right. 
- At any point, a Content Provider can see how much Diamond he/she has accrued on a real-time basis by checking their user account. 
- A Content Provider can choose, by selecting the relevant options in their user account, to withdraw Diamond in exchange for monetary compensation (to be denominated in US dollars). The applicable monetary compensation will be calculated by us based on various factors including the amount of a user’s Diamond. The withdrawal of Diamond will be subject to the following terms and any additional information provided in theWithdrawal Instructionsthat are provided to you at the time of such withdrawal, including the applicable daily limits on withdrawal amounts:the rate of withdrawal will be displayed at the point of withdrawal. You agree that we have the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such withdrawal feature as we see fit in our sole discretion, in any general or specific case, and that we will have no liability to you based on our exercise of such right;the applicable cash payment will be made directly into your nominated PayPal account or other third-party payment channel account (if applicable). Your first and last name needs to be an exact match to your PayPal account information and your PayPal account needs to be verified. It is your responsibility to ensure that you provide your PayPal (or other payment channel) account information correctly. You are responsible for any losses caused by incorrect PayPal (or other payment channel) account information provided by you. Payment will not be sent to a PayPal account with an email address, a first and last name different from what appears on your account, and an account that has not been verified with PayPal;we may, at our sole discretion, request you to provide information to verify your identity (including your first and last name and your state ID number). We reserve the right to verify your identity (by requesting a photocopy of your state ID card, or other proof as we may require) and eligibility qualifications to our satisfaction prior to making any payment; andany withdrawal request to be fulfilled to users under the age of 18 may be, at our sole discretion, fulfilled in the name of the user’s parent or legal guardian (subject to evidence of such relationship and relevant identities being verified if required by us in our sole discretion). 
- Although we aim to fulfil all withdrawal requests in a timely manner, we do not guarantee fulfilment within a specific period of time (including any estimated timings set out at the time of withdrawal) and we will not be liable to you or any third party for any failure to fulfil a withdrawal request within such time. 
- If you wish to convert the amount into a currency other than USD, this option may be available within your PayPal (or other payment channel if applicable) account but this is at the discretion of PayPal (or other payment channel if applicable) and the terms and conditions of PayPal (or other payment channel if applicable), including any applicable fees, will apply to such currency conversion. 
- If you are subject to any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on these payments, you will be responsible for the payment of such taxes (including any related penalties or interest) to the relevant tax authority. We reserve the right to deduct any applicable taxes prior to making such payment if we determine that we are required to do so by applicable law. We also reserve the right to request certifications from you in relation to taxes and to report to tax authorities amounts paid and/or withheld from payments to you. 
- We reserve the right to deduct Diamond from your account if you are in breach of these Terms. We may cancel the operation of the Diamond incentive at any time [on reasonable notice or, if there is a valid reason for our cancellation, on limited or no notice.] [If we cancel the Diamond incentive, you shall have no right or entitlement to any financial compensation in respect of any Diamond accrued prior to the date of cancellation of the initiative that has not been converted into cash using the mechanism set out in these Terms.] 
- If you have any problems with Diamonds, please contact us attransaction@tiktok.com. 
- You may cancel your account at any time, and Bytedance may terminate your account in accordance with the Terms. All the Coins, Gifts or Diamonds in your account will be forfeited immediately upon the cancellation or termination of your account. There will be no refunds for any unused or unredeemed Coins, Gifts or Diamonds or any prepaid fees for any portion of the Services.