Rewards Policy Last update: June 2022 **This Rewards Policy applies to users resident in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the UK.** **You must be at least 18 years old to collect Rewards on the Platform.** This Rewards Policy (“ **Rewards Policy** ”) applies to users of the Platform that participate in incentive programs offered by TikTok to incentivise users to interact with the Platform and to create high-quality, engaging content on the Platform (“ **Programs** ”). Users that participate in Programs can receive rewards from TikTok (“ **Rewards** ”). The Rewards that TikTok offers (such as Diamonds, discount vouchers or merchandise) depend on the Program. When Rewards are in Diamonds, these Diamonds can be used to obtain money (see Section 5 below - “What can you do with Diamonds?”). Other Rewards (such as merchandise) cannot be used to obtain money from TikTok, unless the Program Terms state otherwise. The entities that jointly offer Programs to you are TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (a company registered in England) and TikTok Technology Limited (a company registered in Ireland). However, TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited is solely responsible for any payment, financial or tax obligations in relation to Programs. Your participation in Programs is governed by this Rewards Policy and any Program-specific provisions provided to you (together with this Rewards Policy, “ **Program Terms** ”). Our Terms of Service also apply to your participation in Programs in the same way as they apply to any other activities on the Platform, and our Privacy Policy describes how we process your personal data. Capitalised terms not defined in this Rewards Policy have the meanings given to them in our Terms of Service . 

## 1. Who is eligible to participate in a Program?

 To participate in a Program and collect Rewards you must: 
- Be located in the country or region set out in the applicable Program-specific provisions. 
- Meet any additional eligibility criteria for the Program, as set out in the relevant Program-specific provisions. 
- Be at least 18 years old. 
- Have an account on the Platform. 
- Have complied with all relevant obligations and not be in breach or suspected breach of the Program Terms, our Terms of Service, our Community Guidelines or any other applicable policies. 

## 2. How can you participate in a Program?

 The relevant Program-specific provisions include information and instructions on how to participate. 

## 3. Termination and suspension

 

### Termination or suspension of your access to a Program

 We may investigate any suspected breach of the Program Terms, our Terms of Service or our Community Guidelines. While we do so, we may suspend your access to some or all the features of the Program and to Rewards, depending on the seriousness of the suspected breach. We may temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate your access to a Program or access to Rewards that you have collected if: 
- we determine, acting reasonably, that you are in material or repeated breach of the Program Terms, our Terms of Service or our Community Guidelines; 
- we have objective grounds to reasonably believe that you are about to seriously breach these Program Terms, our Terms of Service or our Community Guidelines; 
- we have objective grounds to reasonably believe that you have tampered with, or have attempted to tamper with, the process or the operation of a Program; or 
- we are required to do so in response to a valid legal process or request. If your participation in a Program is terminated for these reasons, we may, acting reasonably, deduct wholly or partially your Rewards balance or otherwise not award any Rewards. Where appropriate and legally permissible, we will tell you if we suspend or terminate your access to a Program. If you think we have made a mistake in suspending or terminating your access to a Program, then you can appeal by either following the instructions to appeal on the Community Guidelines violation notice (if applicable) or by clicking here . 

### Termination or suspension of a Program

 We may partly or fully terminate or suspend a Program by giving you reasonable notice, including for the following: 
- there are changes in circumstances beyond our reasonable control; 
- there are technical problems with a Program that cannot be resolved within a reasonable time; or 
- where changes in relevant law, a court decision or a decision by a regulatory authority prohibits a Program in part or in full. If we partly or fully terminate or suspend a Program for any of the above reasons, you may use the accrued Diamonds or other Rewards that you are entitled to under the Program Terms, unless prohibited from doing so by a court or regulatory authority. 

### Your withdrawal from a Program

 You may end your participation in a Program at any time. If you do so, then, subject to the provisions of the Program Terms, you will be given an opportunity to use the accrued Diamonds or other Rewards that you are entitled to under the Program Terms. 

## 4. How do you collect Rewards?

 Rewards are intended to: 
- recognise the popularity and quality of content on the Platform; 
- show appreciation to users for their contribution to the Platform; and 
- thank users for their active participation on the Platform. Different Rewards apply to different Programs. Further information on collecting Rewards is set out in the Program-specific provisions. Rewards are not exchangeable or replaceable without our permission and you are fully responsible for all uses made of any Rewards. We may not award Rewards, or we may deduct them from your account, if we reasonably believe that: 
- you have breached the Program Terms, our Terms of Service or our Community Guidelines; or 
- your Rewards have been obtained dishonestly. We always do our best to ensure that we award you with the correct number and / or type of Rewards. If, for any reason, a mistake is made when awarding a Reward, we will contact you and correct the mistake as soon as we can. Collecting Diamonds Diamonds can be collected as Rewards and used in accordance with the Program Terms. You can collect Diamonds using certain core features of the Platform, such as LIVE Gifts and Video Gifts, or by participating in temporary campaigns (e.g. to promote new Platform functionalities or to celebrate an event). If Diamonds are available under a Program, this will be set out in the Program-specific provisions. We award Diamonds as Rewards to users based on the popularity of their content. Therefore, we take into account the Gifts sent by users to show appreciation for other users’ content when we award Diamonds, as Gifts are the key factor to assess the popularity of content on the Platform. We may also award Diamonds to users based on their contribution to the Platform, which may include, for example, the duration or frequency of their content (this will be made clear to you in the relevant Program-specific provisions). This does not always mean that a user will be able to obtain money for the Diamonds that they have collected, as minimum Reward Payments apply (see Sections 5 and 6 below). This means that users will have to collect a minimum number of Diamonds before they can trigger the Reward Payment in accordance with Section 6 below. See here for an example of how TikTok awards Diamonds to users. We may deduct Diamonds from your account if we reasonably believe that Gifts have been sent in breach of the Coins Policy, Terms of Service or Community Guidelines. We will, where appropriate, give you reasonable notice if we deduct Diamonds from your account for this reason. 

## 5. What can you do with Diamonds?

 
- If you participate in the Program that allows you to collect Diamonds, you can trigger payment of the monetary value given by TikTok to those Diamonds by following the Diamond Payment Process as described below, which will initiate the payment of money to your external account (each a “Reward Payment”). For a Reward Payment to take place, you must have registered for an account with a payment service provider and connected that account to your account on the Platform. 
- Diamonds cannot be exchanged for Coins, Gifts, or other virtual items without our permission. 
- Diamonds do not constitute property. We give you permission (called a licence) to collect Diamonds. This means that you have no right or title in Diamonds except as expressly stated in this Rewards Policy. 
- You must not sell, assign or otherwise transfer Diamonds without our permission. Breaching this restriction may result in termination of your access to a Program and/or deduction of Rewards. 
- The monetary value that TikTok has given to Diamonds will be displayed to you before you initiate a Diamond Payment Process. The current Diamond to money conversion rates are on the Program-specific pages (which can be accessed in theCreator Toolsmenu). We may change these rates upon reasonable advance notice. 
- We may terminate, upon reasonable advance notice, the ability to use Diamonds to obtain a Reward Payment with a valid reason (such as changes beyond our reasonable control, the implementation of a different business model or business strategy, or changes in the relevant law, a court decision or a decision by a regulatory authority). 
- Transaction fees may be applied when we make a Reward Payment to you. Details of transaction fees arehereand all transaction fees will be displayed to you before you initiate the Diamond Payment Process. 

## 6. How does the Diamond Payment Process work?

 
- To trigger a Reward Payment for Diamonds, you must use one of the payment methods that we support in your region (e.g. PayPal). The Reward Payment will be sent to the external account you select in accordance with the rules of the payment method provider. We reserve the right to require this account to be registered in your own name. 
- You must make sure that the information you provide is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You will be solely responsible for any consequences (e.g. lost, stolen or misdirected funds, or other harm) resulting from providing inaccurate or incomplete information. 
- We may verify your payment information and eligibility to collect Diamonds or receive Reward Payments, such as identity, age and location. If additional information is required, you agree to provide us with such information upon request. 
- Daily minimum and maximum Reward Payments may apply. Information on these minimum and maximum Reward Payments ishereand they will be displayed to you when you initiate a Reward Payment. 
- We may, for security reasons and/or to maintain the integrity of your account, suspend your ability to use Diamonds to obtain a Reward Payment. We will contact you if we have to do this. Where we need to make urgent changes for security, safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to provide you with advance notice, but we will let you know as soon as we are able to. If you believe that we have made an error by suspending your ability to use Diamonds to obtain a Reward Payment, then please contact ushere. 
- We are not responsible for any loss or damage caused by payment method providers, provided it is not as a result of our actions. 
- All Reward Payments will be inclusive of tax (if applicable). If you are subject to any taxes on Rewards, you will be responsible for the payment of such taxes. 
- There is no charge for participation in a Program, but we may deduct from any money obtained through a Reward Payment the cost incurred by us in processing the Reward Payment. 

## 7. Changes to a Program

 We may alter or change a Program at any time for legal, regulatory or business reasons. These changes may include who can participate in a Program, how Rewards are collected or used (for example, we may terminate the ability to use Diamonds to obtain a Reward Payment). If we do so, we will provide you with reasonable advance notice before any such changes come into effect. Within this notice period, you will be able to continue to use the Program under the then current terms. If you do not agree with the proposed changes, you can withdraw from the Program before the changes come into effect. 

## 8. Contact Us

 If you have any questions, please contact us here . **TikTok** 

#### Company

 About TikTok Newsroom Contact Careers ByteDance 

#### Programs

 TikTok for Good TikTok for Developers Effect House Advertise on TikTok TikTok Browse TikTok Embeds TikTok Rewards Download TikTok 

#### Resources

 Help Center Safety Center Privacy Center Creator Academy Community Guidelines Transparency Accessibility 

#### Legal

 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Intellectual Property Policy TikTok Law Enforcement Guidelines Children's Privacy Policy © 2025 TikTok