# TikTok entertains with #HappyAtHome: LIVE!

Amidst the boredom and stress of social distancing, TikTok understands that people need a moment to escape and simply be entertained. In that spirit, we've partnered with a wide range of amazing celebrities and creators to launch something special: **#HappyAtHome: LIVE!** , a nightly program with a simple goal: share in a bit of levity, provide some comfort, and embrace the responsibility we all have to do the right thing by staying inside and stopping the spread. Since launching, this event has brought joy to countless users who want to kick back, relax, and enjoy a show. **Coming up** So far #HappyAtHome: LIVE! has been filled with amazing music, hilarious entertainers, engaging users, and even some magic. We have even more awesome nights lined up with: 
- Bebe Rexha 
- Tyga&Curtis Roach 
- MXMToon 
- Anna O'BrienAKA@glitterandlazers We've also partnered with LiveXLive to livestream the "Music Lives" 48-hour music festival starting April 17th. This event will feature performances from over 50 artists including Nas, DJ Pope, and Swae Lee among other terrific entertainers. Keeping with social distancing, each performance will stream live from that artist's living room, back yard, studio, or anywhere that's six feet away from someone else. To watch this non-stop music event, simply check out TikTok's official account . All proceeds from this historic event will go to benefit MusiCares COVID-19 relief fund.  **#HappyAtHome: LIVE! Kicks off strong** #HappyAtHome: LIVE kicked off with an allstar list of motivational and entertaining celebrities that brought a positive outlook and motivational attitude to TikTok. Tyra Banks , Heidi and Spencer Pratt , Derek Hough , Blogilates , Twitch , Allison Holker , and Eitan Bernath filled the evening with highlights that included a dance class, cooking instruction, and Q&As with several inspirational individuals.  @tyrabanks LIVE at 5! ##happyathome ♬ original sound - tyrabanks On Tuesday, users kicked back with some of their favorite TikTok stars including Addison Rae , the D'Amelio family , Adam Ray , Jackie Aina , Chriselle Lim , and Loren Gray . These users are total pros at going live on TikTok and answered countless questions while showcasing what makes them unique and a top TikTok creator. Whether it was enjoying TikTaco's with the D'Amelios, putting on makeup with Adam, Jackie, and Loren, or getting ready for bed with Chriselle, each creator helped the community relax and chill out during a typically stressful time.  As hump day hit, TikTok users were treated to an evening of impressive talents and entertainment. The night kicked off with a performance from the star of the musical Dear Evan Hansen, Jordan Fisher , followed by a live art tutorial from pendulum artist Callen Schaub . Zach King took the screen to do some live magic and even taught uses a trick they could do themselves. Brittany Tomlinson lightened to mood with some celebrity impersonations and Tracee Ellis Ross sang an impromptu song about patatoes. The evening ended with a cooking class from Joshua Weissman where the chef taught the audience how to cook the perfect rib-eye steak in only 15 minutes. The evening was full of fun, entertaining guests who managed to teach us a new skill we can try ourselves during social distancing.  Thursday brought EduTok, an evening filled with some of TikTok's creative and informative educators that included Jessica Alba , Isabella Avila , Dr. Phil , Bill Nye , Ashley Hupp , Matthew Hussey , and Phil Cook . Alba gave a talk on entrepreneurship and knowing when to "turn your side hustle into your main hustle." It was night filled with intriguing information on topics like entrepreneurship, psychology, science, positivity, and even dating during social distancing. Each creator brough expertise on a unique topic and helped to educate the community on something important to them. We closed out the week with "Sound Check," TikTok's virtual music festival. The nights lineup featured Alicia Keys , Jason Derulo , Megan Three Stallion , Hailee Steinfeld , Troye Sivan , Meghan Trainor , Lauv , Yungblud , Kelsea Ballerini. Each artist sung a collection of their top hits while answering the comment section's most burning questions. Other highlights include a behind the scenes look at songwriting, a new puppy, and a makeup session featuring Daryl Sabara.  The first week of TikTok's #HappyAtHome: Live brought families and users together during a struggling time when the stress of daily life can make it hard to take a break and relax.  **Science, music, and more!** The second week of #HappyAtHome: LIVE! put a spotlight on individual artists each night of the week. On Monday, rapper Blueface invited users to a virtual party where he answered fan questions, showed off his souped-up car, and even did some man-on-the-street impromptu interviewing and songwriting with a stranger.  Nick Uhas took center screen on Tuesday to give viewers an action-packed 30 minutes with fun, safe science experiments and demonstrations from his very own backyard. He closed his show by calling for helpful donations when possible saying, “Follow the hashtag #HappyAtHome and share the link to donate to the World Health Organization.” Ashley Tisdale turned to the comments section to guide her Wednesday livestream and delivered on all of the top requests. She gave her viewers some much needed words of wisdom, performed some of her favorite songs, answered live fan questions, and took live fan requests - including singing her High School Musical hit song “Fabulous“ for the first time since she filmed the movie!  On Thursday, Marshmallow unveiled his real voice to speak with users spending their social distancing time watching his livestream. During this unprecedented show, he showed users his process and tools for creating music, answered fan questions, and mixed music live. When fans commented that they were shocked to hear Marshmallow's voice, the artist said, "I can talk - I’m in the studio and I wanna talk to you guys…I got a lot to say.” The week closed out with Nabela Noor where the content creator enlisted viewers to help her bake some cupcakes. During the stream she gave a few baking tips, played “He Said/She Said” with her husband, and brough her sister on to play an exciting game of Jenga. Nabela closed the week strong with some inspiring words, “The only person that loses when you’re negative is you, so the only way I feel I can be a light in the world is to keep being positive.” **Creativity shines in live** Audrey, the artists behind @AudityDraws , kicked off the week of entertainment by giving her biggest live audience ever a fun, interactive drawing session. Using her trusty drawing generator as a starting point, Audrey's fans decided she should draw a monster in a beauty pageant. She gave illustration tips, advice for artists just getting started, and her husband Rich even gave the live audience an impromptu solo dance performance. She was even nice enough to make her monster's dress "extra poofy for social distancing." On Tuesday, Demi Bagby walked her live viewers through an indoor workout they could do at home while social distancing. This full body burn didn't require any weights so everyone could follow along regardless of the equipment they had. She also took questions and gave some tips to stay motivated.  Drake Bell got us through hump day with a one hour and 45 minute acoustic concert live from the tiki room in his house. He played his own hits and took live requests to cover some of his fans’ other favorite songs that included the Friends theme song and Hard Day’s Night by The Beatles. He even gave his live audience a step-by-step tutorial on how to play the Drake and Josh Theme song “I Found A Way” so his guitarist viewers could play along from home! This was Drake's first live stream on TikTok but it definitely won't be his last.  Justin Willman made Thursday night miraculous by giving viewers at home a live magic show he titled "Magic from Home." The "Magic for Humans" star wowed and amazed his audience with classic, hilarious tricks and even taught them how to perform some fun magic tricks of their own. Justin gave users a sneek peak at the third season of "Magic for Humans" and reminded everyone to try and live in the moment even during these unusual times.  We closed out the week with an amazing DJ set by Tory Lanez AKA "DJ Corona-Free Tory." Tory exclusively played classic 2000s hits during his set but eventually opened it up to requests and fan questions. It was a night filled with good tunes, dance moves, and positive vibes and the perfect way to kick off the weekend.