All News Products Community Safety Company United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland 

### CommunityJun 2, 2025

 

# You Belong Here: Celebrating the LGBTQIA+ community on TikTok and beyond

 **Share this post** From heartfelt #ComingOut stories to radiant displays of #QueerLove , from reimagining iconic pop culture scenes to calling for better LGBTQIA+ representation, the LGBTQIA+ community on TikTok continues to set trends, shape culture, and inspire over 1 billion people through the power of authentic storytelling. As a place where everyone belongs, we're committed to empowering our community with a safe and inspiring space to celebrate milestones, share struggles, and foster solidarity that drives progress towards a more inclusive world. This Pride Month, we're honored to celebrate the extraordinary creativity and resilience of our LGBTQIA+ community with **You Belong Here** , our 2025 Pride campaign. **Celebrating #ForYourPride on TikTok** At TikTok, we're focused on amplifying LGBTQIA+ voices as they connect with global audiences, grow their careers, and create a meaningful impact on TikTok and beyond. Throughout June and beyond, we invite everyone to join the celebration. Our curated hashtag pages #ForYourPride and #PrideTikTok will feature inspiring stories from queer creators, artists, and LGBTQIA+ owned businesses. To celebrate and honor our LGBTQIA+ community, we're also hosting a series of educational sessions, webinars, and in-person events designed to inspire, inform, and uplift LGBTQIA+ creators. To kick off Pride Month, we're hosting #PrideTikTok creator community sessions with creators from our 2024 Pride Visionary Voices list! We're also hosting an in-person Pride celebration, bringing together our #PrideTikTok community members to foster connection and creativity. **Elevating and empowering LGBTQIA+ creators** At TikTok, we believe in the power of storytelling as a catalyst for change and LGBTQIA+ creators are leading this movement with humor, insightful critique, and unfiltered authenticity. When someone reimagines a TV or film moment through their authentic lens, they're not just posting content—they're building bridges of empathy that transcend screens. Through hashtags like #QueerCinema, #LGBTQMovies, and #TransCharacter, our community inspires cultural change for LGBTQIA+ empowerment by challenging stereotypes, spreading queer joy, and advocates for accurate LGBTQIA+ representation on screen. @bomanizer A big deal but it’s the kardashians #kardashians ♬ original sound - Bomanizer @mordecainuccio The new comedy seires “The Four Seasons” made me laugh and cry so much! A series remake of the classic 80s movie of the same name with a special guest cameo from the creator of the original film Alan Alda! Tina Fey and Steve Carell were phenomenal and I was glad to see Coleman Domingo in the ensemble cast as well. #TheFourSeasons #FourSeasons #friendgroups #lifelongfriends #loveandmarriage #romcoms #comedyfilm #comedies #tinafey #stevecarell #colemandomingo #netflixrecommendation #tvseries #remakes #tvshowstowatch #tvshowrecommendation #episode1 #season1 #episode2 #episode8 #newshow #bestfriendsforlife ♬ Vivaldi "Four Seasons" "Spring" - harryfaoki **Creating a safe and inclusive environment for all** At TikTok, we're dedicated to fostering a platform where everyone can express themselves freely and safely. You Belong Here is our year-round commitment to the LGBTQIA+ community on TikTok. In line with our continued commitment to protecting the LGBTQIA+ community on our platform, we have clear policies in place and remove content and accounts that engage in harassment, bullying, hate speech, and hateful behavior, such as deadnaming or misgendering. To empower people to create a safe and enjoyable TikTok experience, we have a range of safety features, such as confidential ways to report potentially violative content and accounts, comment filtering tools , privacy settings , as well as ways to customise your For You Feed with keyword filters and Refresh . This June and beyond, join us as we celebrate Pride and our incredible LGBTQIA+ community. Share your own journey, discover new perspectives, and celebrate what makes you and our global community unique. Because here, you belong. 

### CommunityJun 2, 2025

 **Share this post** 

### CommunityAug 5, 2025

 

## TikTok partners with creators MrBeast and Mark Rober on the launch of TeamWater, a global campaign in partnership with WaterAid to help bring clean water to 2 million people worldwide

 TikTok is proudly launching the fundraiser with a $1.5 million donation to WaterAid. The campaign will be supported by a global coalition of content creators from more than 84 countries with a combin 

### CommunityJul 30, 2025

 

## New trust and safety tools for creators, families, and the TikTok Community

 By: Adam Presser, Head of Operations and Trust & Safety Today we're announcing a suite of product features that reinforce how TikTok inspires creativity and brings joy to people around the world. Thes 

### SafetyJul 30, 2025

 

## Supporting families with new Family Pairing features

 By: Suzy Loftus, Head of Trust and Safety for TikTok US Data Security Today, we're announcing new safety and well-being features for teens and families on TikTok. We're introducing new Family Pairing United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland