# Bringing even more transparency to how we protect our platform

At TikTok, we've long believed that transparency builds trust. From a very early age as a company, we've openly shared our platform protection efforts. Over time, we've increased the reports we voluntarily publish, the depth of data we disclose, and the frequency we publish. We've also worked to make it easier for people to independently study our data and platform. We're continuing to build on our commitment to transparency with new reports and resources. Today, we published our newest collection of transparency reports , including our Community Guidelines Enforcement Report which shows important trust and safety work from July-September this year. For example, we removed more than **147 million videos** for violating our policies. The vast majority of content was removed proactively by TikTok without a single view. Over the same time period, we closed more than **12 million livestreams** , removed over **1.3 billion comments** , and banned over **214 million accounts** for breaking our rules. We use automated moderation technology and moderation teams to help identify and remove violative content, with automation responsible for over **80%** of removals today, up **15%** from this time last year. In 2024 so far, we've removed over **500 million videos** for violating our policies and spent over **$2 billion** on trust and safety. We'll invest another **$2+ billion** in the year ahead to help keep TikTok safe. Our Community Guidelines Enforcement Report is published in more than **25** languages every three months and we provide more than **8,300** data points. We’ve substantially expanded the scope of our reports over time, adding more than **20** unique metrics since 2020 along with more than a dozen different dimensions through which the data can be analyzed, such as by policy and market. To help make it easier for researchers to study our work, data is available in a machine-readable CSV file which we publish alongside each report. In addition, today we published our most recent Covert Influence Operations Reports , where we shared information about the influence networks we disrupted in October and November this year. We disrupted **9** influence operations in October comprised of **486** accounts, as well as an additional **26,946** accounts associated with previously disrupted networks that were attempting to reestablish their presence on our platform. In November, we disrupted **3** covert influence operations comprised of **154** accounts, along with **5,046** accounts associated with previously disrupted networks attempting to re-establish their presence on TikTok. Today, we also published our Government Removal Requests Report , Law Enforcement Information Requests Report , and IP Removal Requests Report . We also publish voluntary reports on safeguarding TikTok Shop , minor exploitation and safety , and platform security . Going forward, we'll be sharing more insights and updates about our ongoing trust and safety work on our new Transparency Center blog . We'll also continue to invest in our Transparency and Accountability Centers , which over **1,000** people have visited this year, as well as our Research Tools which empower over 500 research teams to independently study our platform.