# The 1st Annual Kerwin Frost Telethon Supershow goes LIVE this Sunday

TikTok is a place for artists to showcase their creativity and help make a difference in their community. That's why this Sunday, August 16th, TikTok is proud to present the " 1st Annual Kerwin Frost Telethon Supershow ," an epic LIVE stream event featuring amazing guests and 12-hours of entertainment. This variety show aims to raise awareness about racial injustice with the goal of raising $5 million for Colin Kaepernick’s Know Your Rights Camp, who's mission is to advance the liberation and well-being of Black and Brown communities. Kerwin used his personal desire to develop a meaningful response to the current national crises and bring the community together to develop this event and provide a platform for artistic expression while magnifying messages of solidarity and peace. With performances by A-Trak, Anderson .Paak, ASAP Ferg, Beck, Buddy, DMC (of Run DMC), Hip Hop Harry, Ian Isiah, Jaden Smith, JPEGMAFIA, Kehlani, Lil Yachty, Mac DeMarco, Major Lazer, Miguel, Sheck Wes, The Interrupters, Yo Gabba Gabba and more, this unique telethon will be one you won't want to miss. @kerwinfrost The 1st Annual Kerwin Frost Telethon is this Sunday 9am PST / 12pm EST right here on TikTok! A fundraiser for the @yourrightscamp ##KFTelethon ♬ original sound - kerwinfrost TikTok is proud to partner with Kerwin Frost and Colin Kaepernick’s Know Your Rights Camp. We've pledged $100,000 to support this important cause and have listed the Know Your Rights Camps as part of TikTok's employee match program to further the impact of individual donations.  "We are thrilled TikTok has provided a platform for The 1st Annual Kerwin Frost Telethon Supershow benefiting Know Your Rights Camp in our mission to advance the liberation and well-being of Black and Brown communities through education, self-empowerment, mass-mobilization and the creation of new systems that elevate the next generation of change leaders," said Kerem Ozguz, Program Manager at Know Your Rights Camp. So kick back, relax, and tune in LIVE on TikTok this Sunday at 12pm EST to experience the first of many " Kerwin Frost Telethon Supershows ," and be sure to follow follow @kerwinfrost & @yourrightscamp on TikTok for more information.