# TikTok announces deal with UnitedMasters, the first distributor to be fully integrated into the TikTok platform

The New Integration Enables TikTok Users to Distribute Music Directly From the App Already Known For Propelling Unknown Artists to Success, TikTok's New Partnership With United Masters Provides a Turn-Key Platform For Aspiring Stars to Fast-Track Their Careers TikTok, the short-form video app with a mission to inspire creativity and bring joy, announces a new deal with UnitedMasters, the leading platform for music distribution for independent artists, that will allow full integration between both services directly through the TikTok app. With this deal, UnitedMasters becomes the first music distribution company to be integrated into TikTok. The partnership between TikTok and UnitedMasters enables TikTok users to distribute the music directly to other music streaming platforms. TikTok will opt all music from its creators who join UnitedMasters into the platform's Commercial Music Library, with the artist’s blessing, giving businesses access to a large catalog of new sounds to use in their content. TikTok will also partner with UnitedMasters in promoting key artists on the platform. Known as a music discovery springboard for viral hits from unknown artists, TikTok is also a growing destination for artists looking to showcase their craft and engage new fans. Artists like Curtis Roach , Curtis Waters , Breland , Tai Verdes , BMW Kenny , and many others used TikTok to promote their music and jumpstart their careers, while like ppcocaine and Avenue Beat preview original music directly on the app, creating the momentum that leads to a trending hit. Other emerging artists, like Shuba , Blu DeTiger , and Kid Sistr use TikTok as a platform for creative performances, showing off instrumental and vocal chops.  TikTok's new integration with UnitedMasters will make it even easier for artists and creators on TikTok to translate trending activity into career success. Several UnitedMasters artists’ music have flourished TikTok including songs by NLE Choppa , BMW Kenny , and Tobe Nwigwe .  “If you are a musical artist, TikTok is the best place for your music to go viral and UnitedMasters is the best place to sustain it while retaining full ownership of your work," says **Steve Stoute,** CEO and Founder of UnitedMasters. "By combining the two, we create the platform for tomorrow's stars who will be famous, fiercely independent and wealthy." Creators are the beating heart of the TikTok community, often inspired by the artists who bring their music to the platform, and providing a haven for them to thrive is key to our mission," says **Kevin Mayer** , CEO of TikTok. "The new partnership with United Masters makes it even easier for musicians and creators to reach new fans and earn a living doing what they love, directly from the platform." The company recently announced a $1 billion TikTok Creator Fund to help support ambitious creators looking to foster a livelihood through their innovative content. TikTok has become the go-to staging ground that has helped previously little known or undiscovered artists like **Lil Nas X, Ambjaay, StaySolidRocky, Powfu, BENEE, Y2K, bbno$** , and many others find mainstream fame and dominate the charts.  "TikTok artists who are creating music in their bedrooms today will be featured in the Billboard charts tomorrow," says **Ole Obermann** , Global Head of Music at TikTok. "Our mission is to help those artists achieve their creative potential and success. This partnership with UnitedMasters gives us a turn-key solution to help artists who are born on TikTok to reach their fans on every music service." Since its launch UnitedMasters has seen its artist-first approach pick up steam launching the careers of chart toppers like platinum-selling rapper **NLE Choppa** , Billboard charting recording artist **Lil Tecca,** **Tobe Nwigwe** , **Lil XXEL** , and many more. In just 18 months, UM has amassed over 400k artists, 5 billion streams, and over half a million distributed tracks.