# Statement on TikTok's content moderation and data security practices

Over the past several weeks, TikTok has been the focus of public statements by Members of Congress and others regarding alleged censorship of content, as well as questions about our data protection practices. TikTok recognizes the importance of these issues and appreciates that Members of Congress – and the public – are focused on them. At TikTok, we take these issues incredibly seriously as well. We are committed to transparency and accountability in how we support our TikTok users in the US and around the world. In light of recent claims, we believe it is critical to set the record straight on some specific issues. **First, let's talk about data privacy and security.** We store all TikTok US user data in the United States, with backup redundancy in Singapore. Our data centers are located entirely outside of China, and none of our data is subject to Chinese law. Further, we have a dedicated technical team focused on adhering to robust cybersecurity policies, and data privacy and security practices. **Second, in regards to content concerns.** Let us be very clear: TikTok does not remove content based on sensitivities related to China. We have never been asked by the Chinese government to remove any content and we would not do so if asked. Period. Our US moderation team, which is led out of California, reviews content for adherence to our US policies – just like other US companies in our space. We are not influenced by any foreign government, including the Chinese government; TikTok does not operate in China, nor do we have any intention of doing so in the future. We remain committed to providing a safe and expressive app experience for our community. We aim to be a leader in this important and complex area. Previously, we announced our plans to form a committee of outside experts to help ensure that TikTok is well prepared to serve our users and community effectively and responsibly. We look forward to continued engagement on these and other issues to show that TikTok is dedicated to providing a trusted platform for entertainment and creativity.