# A Digital Safety & Privacy Guide for Safer Internet Day and Beyond

Authored by Suzy Loftus, Head of Trust and Safety for TikTok US Data Security TikTok is home to more than 170 million Americans who come to be entertained, learn something new, and express their creativity. Whether you’re sharing your latest read on #BookTok, watching a science experiment on the STEM feed, or discovering new restaurants in your neighborhood, we want you to feel safe and empowered every step of the way. That's why we voluntarily implement unprecedented trust and safety measures to help promote rigorous safety, security, and privacy standards for all Americans on our app. This Safer Internet Day, we’re inviting the TikTok community to explore their safety and privacy settings with the launch of our new in-app **Digital Safety & Privacy Guide** . Through this, people can learn about tailoring their content preferences and enhancing their privacy and security settings. For parents of teens, you can get more information on how teen accounts on TikTok are different from adult accounts, with additional safety and privacy settings designed specifically for teens. In the guide, parents can also learn about our digital parenting tools, TikTok Family Pairing. To access the guide, simply **type “check my settings” in the TikTok search bar** and click 'learn more' on the banner to explore how you can control your settings. We've also enlisted the help of digital safety expert, @cathypedrayes and beloved family creator, @mrandmrsgrit to help raise awareness of the various safety and privacy features we offer. Watch their videos below to hear about how they approach managing their privacy and safety settings. @cathypedrayes TikTok launched an easier way to manage your safety and privacy settings. Type "Check My Settings" in the search bar to find its new guide and learn about the settings I mention in the video plus others like managing who can stitch or duet your videos, adjusting who can message you, checking on things you've reported, and of course, turning on your two-factor authentication (which I hope you already have enabled!). Take a few seconds to customize your settings. 🙌 #tiktokpartner #tiktok #lifehack #tipsandtricks #digitalsafety #onlinesafety #teensafety #family #teenparent #didyouknow ♬ original sound - Cathy @mrandmrsgrit #Tiktokpartner Check out @TikTok privacy settings to customize your teens page! #MomsofTikTok #onlinesafety ♬ original sound - Lemaur and Erica🤎| Marriage Within our guide, you'll also find more information about the rigorous measures we have in place to help ensure the safety, privacy, and security of our entire community on TikTok every day. We're dedicated to the safety and privacy of our community. Together, we can keep inspiring creativity and bringing joy – all while staying safe and protected online. Happy Safer Internet Day!