# Discover what's trending tomorrow during #TikTokFashion Month

Fashion starts on TikTok. From showcasing their latest designs to serving #GRWM looks and #OOTD inspo, to rediscovering trends and championing sustainable fashion, our global community of fashion and beauty creators come to TikTok to unleash their creativity, inspiring many of the top trends and conversations in fashion today and tomorrow. Throughout 2023, #TikTokFashion and #BeautyTok global views have increased by **300%** , bringing together one of the fastest-growing and dynamic communities on the platform. Coinciding with New York Fashion Week and all throughout Fashion Month, we're thrilled to be celebrating #TikTokFashion and the diverse community shaping the future of fashion on TikTok. From September 6 to October 3, join us and get your style on as we bring you the best fashion and beauty inspo, special moments on and off the runway, creators to watch, brands to love, and so much more. @tiktoknewsroom Fashion starts on TikTok ✨ Join us throughout #FashionMonth ♬ original sound - TikTok Newsroom 

### Introducing the first-ever global #TikTokFashion Collective

 Every day, our global community of over 1 billion people discover and are inspired by trends created and driven by creators on TikTok, making fashion more relatable and accessible while redefining the industry. TikTok's culture of authenticity fuels discovery and inspiration, allowing trends to take off on and beyond the runway and empowering brands to connect with a bigger audience. To celebrate the impact of our global creator community, we're thrilled to introduce the first-ever **#TikTokFashion Collective:** creators from around the world who are creatives, designers, and fashion thinkers shaping the future of fashion on TikTok and beyond. From models and photographers to emerging designers and savvy fashion commentators, the #TikTokFashion Collective is next-gen talent representing some of the most exciting voices breaking into the industry, and reimagining fashion through authenticity, self-expression, and creativity. Here are the North American creators from #TikTokFashion Collective who will be participating in NYFW, and get to know the global list via our lookbook ! 
- @challxn(US) -Challan is a social media content creator from Barbados focused on fashion, beauty, lifestyle, gaming, modeling and photography. Challan's following has grown at a rapid pace, leading to her being selected to be part of the inaugural Fenty Beauty House, the first-ever TikTok Black History Summit, the first all-black creator content house and featured on the cover of The Hollywood Reporter. 
- @ramizeinn(US) -Rami is a lifestyle creator with a burning passion for fashion and content creation, who grew up homeless before becoming a rising actor and social media star. From comedic #GRWM videos, to serving looks on the red carpet and occasional food reviews, he uses his unique personality and sense of style to stay connected with his audience wherever he is in the world. 
- @trendycurvy(US) -Kristine is a fashion and lifestyle creator whose content inspires women to be more confident in themselves. On TikTok, she offers style inspiration along with tips and tricks for people to use in their everyday life. Describing herself as “a curvy girl living in a trendy world", Kristine believes that no matter your size, there is always a way to be trendy and fashionable. 
- @definitelytai(CA)- Tai is an international fashion model who creates content combining his two greatest passions: fashion and video editing. Known for being the pioneer of the iconic "Outfit Walk Challenge", Tai's fashion sense, photography, and editing skills has helped him garner over 500,000 followers and 10 million likes on TikTok. He has worked with top fashion brands such as Off-White, Levi's, Foot Locker, Nike, Tommy Hilfiger, Calvin Klein, Nobis, and The Hudson Bay. 
- @izzipoopi(CA) -Izzi is a fashion and lifestyle creator from Montreal, Canada best known for her highly entertaining GRWM videos, where she styles the season's most unique and eye-catching pieces. Izzi's authentic and engaging content has amassed her an audience of 1.3 million and secured her successful partnerships with global brands such as Loewe, Fendi, Longchamp, and Gucci, helping to bridge the gap between high fashion and the online world. During Fashion Month, the Collective will be invited to take part in local Fashion Week events, working with TikTok to share their takes on the top trends and going behind-the-scenes during some of the most exciting fashion moments. Our global community can follow along via our in-app Fashion Month Hub, where content from the #TikTokFashion Collective as well as other major fashion players will be featured. 

### Explore the digital runway with the Fashion Month Hub

 TikTok users on fashion journeys are 1.2x more likely (vs. other platform users)* to discover new brands and products on the platform––which is why for this year's Fashion Month, we've created our very own **Fashion Month Hub** to make discovery even simpler. Our Fashion Month Hub makes it easier than ever to stay up-to-date with all the latest trends and moments, which you can access by searching keywords like "Fashion Month" or "Fashion Week." Featuring the latest content from creators, brands, and publishers around the world, the Hub will also feature tailored tabs, including "From the Runway", "Trending," and "Behind the Scenes" to help fashion enthusiasts discover just what they're looking for. "On TikTok, fashion and beauty go hand in hand with creativity, diversity and authenticity. It's been incredible to see fashion and beauty creators achieve success on and beyond our platform. As we welcome Fashion Month, we are looking forward to inspiring our global community by bringing them closer to the runway, introducing unique experiences, and spotlighting fashion's most talented voices - everything that's shaping what's trending tomorrow on TikTok and beyond," said **Vanessa Craft, Global Head of Lifestyle and Education at TikTok** . Join us for an exciting month of programming throughout Fashion Month and celebrate the trends, creators, brands and moments that make TikTok fashion's most diverse, authentic and inclusive destination today and tomorrow! *Source: TikTok Marketing Science Global Retail Path to Purchase conducted by Material August 2021