# The Weeknd announces special 'After Hours' album experience exclusively on TikTok LIVE stream

‘The Weeknd Experience’ happens as a live fan interactive & immersive XR moment on TikTok August 7th with encores to follow. We’re raising funds for the Equal Justice Initiative and donating to help challenge racial and economic injustice. TikTok is proud to debut our first-ever in-app cross reality experience, featuring The Weeknd.  In partnership with XO, Republic Records, and Wave, we’re bringing you The Weeknd Experience, the very first virtual experience of one of the biggest albums of 2020 in After Hours . Through TikTok’s first-of-its-kind virtual musical experience, you’ll be captivated and suspended in space while The Weeknd invites you into the awesome madness of his world, as seen through his own eyes. In addition, fans will have the chance to interact with The Weeknd throughout as he takes viewers on an epic After Hours journey. The Weeknd Experience, an immersive XR experience on TikTok LIVE stream, will happen on Friday, August 7th at 5:30pm PT / 8:30pm ET on the official @tiktok account. Created with Wave, the market leader in interactive virtual entertainment experiences, #TheWeekndEXP offers an "at-home" experience like no other--a technologically innovative presentation of the world's most listened-to artist on Spotify playing smash hits from his recent #1 album After Hours , the most-streamed R&B album in history. After Hours has dominated, with Rolling Stone declaring it as the biggest album of the first half of 2020. "Blinding Lights," the second single from After Hours, inspired over 1.5 million video creations on TikTok, racking up tens of millions of views and birthing the "#BlindingLightsChallenge." The song's success on TikTok helped propel it to #1 on the Billboard Hot 100. The Weeknd Experience will raise funds for The Equal Justice Initiative, and we’re going to match funds raised up to a generous amount. The Equal Justice Initiative is committed to ending mass incarceration and excessive punishment in the United States, to challenging racial and economic injustice, and to protecting basic human rights for the most vulnerable people in American society. Fans can donate directly from the TikTok app.  Additionally, fans can support by purchasing exclusive merchandise inspired by The Weeknd Experience with proceeds donated to Equal Justice Initiative. We will match those proceeds with a generous donation of our own. The new merch capsule release will only be available from August 6th - 10th. The new merch capsule release will only be available from August 6th - 10th and will be available at http://shop.theweeknd.com . More information on Equal Justice Initiative can also be found at https://eji.org/ #TheWeekndEXP will gather everyone from all walks of life to create legendary memories through a combination of featured hashtag challenges, creative effects, and a must-see experience. Join us on August 7 at 5:30pm PT on @TikTok LIVE as we count-down to this unforgettable moment.  You can RSVP for The Weeknd Experience here: wave.watch/theweekndontiktok