# FOSI and TikTok Launch National Internet Safety Sessions for Parents

The Family Online Safety Institute ( FOSI ) and TikTok will host a series of internet safety seminars beginning in January 2020. The seminars are designed to help parents better understand the tools and controls they have to navigate the digital environment and the resources FOSI offers through its Good Digital Parenting initiative. In the sessions, FOSI and TikTok- one of the most downloaded apps in the world – will help teach parents the skills they need to keep their family safe online. Unlike their parents, teens today have grown up in a digital world. As the positive opportunities for entertainment, inspiration, support and friendship have expanded, so have some of the realities of social media. Both apps and devices often have specific controls built in to provide users levels of control. But while many parents may be familiar with tools to limit screen time, options like managing a teen’s digital environment and understanding the various levels of tools available may be more challenging to navigate. Parents who would like to learn more about online safety are encouraged to attend one of the  digital safety sessions featuring Stephen Balkam, CEO and founder of the Family Online Safety Institute. Topics include how to establish ground rules for safe use of connected devices, start conversations with your teen about responsible internet use, and be a good digital role model. Parents will also learn about the tools and controls specifically built into TikTok, the world’s leading destination for short-form video. TikTok and FOSI will also be joined by popular TikTok creators at various tour stops, who will share their experiences and how they use the app safely. “One of the best ways for parents to keep their families safe is to learn about the apps and programs that teens use today,” said Balkam. “It’s no secret that TikTok’s popularity has taken off among teens, and together we’re committed to helping parents start an open dialogue with their children about online safety in an ever-evolving digital world.” “Our most important commitment at TikTok is to keep our community safe and we approach this through policies, product, people, and partners,” said Kudzi Chikumbu, Director of Creator Community, TikTok. “We are pleased to partner with FOSI to educate parents about online safety, our platform, and the tools and controls we have developed – and we are excited to meet parents and having our creators share their experiences. Together we are all intent on building a community where creativity can thrive.” The national internet safety tour will kick off in Washington, D.C., on Jan. 30 at 6:30pm, with additional dates to be announced for Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami and New York City.  For parents who are interested in attending one of the meetings in a city near you, please email education@tiktok.com for details. About FOSI The Family Online Safety Institute is an international, non-profit organization that works to make the online world safer for kids and their families. FOSI convenes leaders in industry, government and the non-profit sectors to collaborate and innovate new solutions and policies in the field of online safety. Through research, resources, events and special projects, FOSI promotes a culture of responsibility online and encourages a sense of digital citizenship for all. FOSI's membership includes many of the leading Internet and telecommunications companies around the world.