All News Products Community Safety Company United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland 

### ProductsJun 13, 2025

 

# TikTok Shop is where shoppers come to discover

 **Share this post** TikTok Shop has been on a journey since launching in the US in September 2023 to bring joy and inspiration to the shopping experience. Online shopping revolutionized fast and convenient shopping, but over time, this excitement of this experience lost its spark. With TikTok Shop, we aim to create an experience where people find joy in discovering products they truly connect with. Over the past year, our community of sellers has expanded into more than 750 categories, bringing shoppers an incredible selection of over 70 million products. As a result of their creativity and entrepreneurship, categories like womenswear, beauty & personal care, health, sports & outdoors, and electronics have consistently been the top favorites among customers throughout 2024. So far in 2025, our growing community of shoppers, sellers, and creators has driven impressive momentum across the TikTok Shop platform. In the US, TikTok Shop **sales have increased 120%** compared to the same period last year. We also introduced TikTok Shop in Mexico, Brazil, and Europe. Today, millions of people are discovering products they love on TikTok through shoppable videos and livestreams from sellers and creators who demonstrate how the products actually work and answer all your questions in real time. We call this discovery e-commerce. In fact, according to a new research by **GlobalData** and TikTok Shop, **83%** of all shoppers say they have discovered a new product on TikTok Shop, and **70%** have discovered a new brand. The real opportunity with the discovery that happens on our platform is for sellers to reimagine how they create and sell great products on TikTok Shop. LIVE shopping builds on that momentum, creating a revolution in how we discover and shop. Based on what we observed in 2024, brands and creators hosted over **8 million hours** of LIVE shopping sessions in the US. This is significant, especially when GlobalData's survey shows that **76%** of consumers who engaged with TikTok Shop bought something from a livestream in the past year. With TikTok Shop, large brands and small businesses have a platform to be the storytellers of their brand and products, and shoppers are finding brands and products they didn’t even know they were looking for. Small business owners are using TikTok Shop to show up in new ways by telling their stories, going LIVE, and creating content that connects them with hundreds, even thousands, of people at once—and they are turning that reach into sales. This couldn't be more true for over **171,000** local and small businesses on TikTok Shop who are finding incredible success. In the past year alone, sales to small US businesses have grown by **70%** year-over-year. And, **over a third of all TikTok Shop US purchases** each month in 2024 went to small businesses. We continue to create tools and provide resources to help businesses to keep scaling on TikTok Shop. Earlier this week, we hosted our first TikTok Shop summit to bring together sellers of all sizes, both new and familiar with TikTok Shop, to learn about the tools and opportunities available on our platform to grow. One of the innovation highlights is **A.C.E.** , our new growth framework centered around " **Assortment, Content, and Empowerment** ." As part of this rollout, we’ve launched a new tool in Seller Center that provides tailored, actionable guidance aligned with the A.C.E. pillars. This framework will guide future improvements designed to help sellers to attract the right audience, spark discovery, and drive long-term success on TikTok Shop. For shoppers, we are gearing up for this summer's **Deals for You Days** from July 7 - 19 with deals up to 50% off across all categories and brands. Shoppers can find great selection from major household brand names like **Briogeo, By Nature Skincare, The Heritage Store, PacSun, Fenty Beauty, Crocs, Liquid I.V., Philips,** and more. Eligible customers can use Venmo at checkout to redeem an additional discount. TikTok Shop will launch a **LIVE Price Match Guaranteed** program for the first time, offering customers watching select Deals for You Days livestreams cash back on the difference (subject to terms and conditions) if they find a lower price off-platform on featured products. Follow **#dealsforyoudays** for ongoing campaign highlights. And as always, the safety of our platform remains top of mind. In May, we issued our 2025 safety and IPR reports , sharing our progress in protecting the platform. To date, TikTok Shop has invested nearly $1 billion in tools, technologies, and people in order to protect customers, sellers, brands, and our marketplace from counterfeit activities, fraudulent behavior, and other instances of abuse. People don’t come to TikTok Shop just to buy—they come to explore and discover. It might be a creator styling an everyday outfit, a small business owner sharing the story behind their product, or a LIVE session that feels like shopping with a friend. Our platform brings the convenience of online shopping together with the joyful entertainment you get through shoppable videos and livestreams: that’s the power of TikTok Shop. 

### ProductsJun 13, 2025

 **Share this post** 

### NewsJul 17, 2025

 

## TikTok announces the beta launch of TikTok Songwriter Features

 Today TikTok is pleased to announce the beta launch of TikTok Songwriter Features, a new set of features and tools which have been designed to highlight and give due credit on TikTok to the amazing wo 

### CompanyJul 9, 2025

 

## Statement on Reuters 'exclusive'

 The recently posted Reuters story, which is based on anonymous uninformed sources, is factually inaccurate. 

### CommunityJun 30, 2025

 

## Sukeban and TikTok Join Forces for Immersive Fan Experience, Bringing the Sukeban Universe to Life at Anime Expo 2025

 In partnership with TikTok, Sukeban will create an innovative experience at Anime Expo, featuring interactive programming, demos, autograph signings, and tutorials celebrating anime, manga and Japanes United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland