# Celebrating the Power of Community and Creativity on TikTok LIVE in 2024

From providing exclusive access to Paralympics 2024 and front-row seats to In The Mix , to supporting Make-A-Wish and fundraisers championing causes, TikTok LIVE has continued to bring global communities together through creativity and real-time engagement, unlocking unprecedented connections, entertainment and collective impact. **A year of growth and innovation for TikTok LIVE** In 2024, people and communities around the world continued to build meaningful connections on TikTok LIVE by showcasing their talents and passions. Over the past year: 
- Over100Mcreators went LIVE, with more than46Mnew creators starting their LIVE journey. 
- Billions of userswatched LIVE content and generated269Bchats, demonstrating the growing demand for livestreaming from a vibrant community. 
- LIVE creators continued to succeed on the platform, with250Kcreators doubling their income year-on-year. 
- Nearly3Kgifts were launched, supporting creators to deepen engagements with more monetization opportunities. As a platform where authenticity and creativity thrive, we're proud to foster a community that's passionate about making a difference and giving back. So we worked with our LIVE community and partnered with non-profits around the world to raise funds and awareness for important causes. **In 2024, we donated over $1M to charitable causes** , mobilizing our community to drive positive change through real-time creativity. **#TikTokLIVEFest: A global celebration of LIVE** As TikTok's biggest and most prestigious LIVE event celebrating the impact of LIVE creators, LIVE Fest 2024 kicked off in October 2024 with exciting regional and global competitions spanning multiple months. Almost **6M** creators from around the world participated in the LIVE Fest and **477M** viewers tuned into the event page, showcasing the growing impact of TikTok LIVE in fostering real-time connections between creators and their audiences. @tiktoklive_uk Huge congrats to our top LIVE creators from around the globe who came together to celebrate LIVE Fest in London! 🌍🎉 #LIVEFest2024 #CelebrateLIVE ♬ original sound - TikTok LIVE UK TikTok LIVE Fest 2024 culminated in a global celebration in London on January 16, 2025, bringing together the most vibrant LIVE communities and participating creators from over 60 countries. Hosted by global superstar **Jason Derulo** ( @jasonderulo ), the event featured unforgettable performances by global artists and popular LIVE creators, headlined by Swedish pop sensation **Zara Larsson** ( @zaralarsson ), alongside standout creator moments that captivated audiences worldwide. **LIVE creator spotlight** Harnessing the power of real-time creativity, our LIVE community is passionate about driving positive change as they showcase their talents and passion. We're thrilled to celebrate and spotlight our LIVE creators as they inspired, connected and entertained their local communities in the past year. 
- @captaineriklive, who can often be found rowing across the Florida Sea or Atlantic Ocean. He shared his remarkable journey of what it's been like to experience his fishing adventures alongside his community on TikTok LIVE. His inspiring story of resilience and community support, especially following the impact of Hurricane Helene when he used TikTok LIVE to raise funds to support his local community, exemplifies the deep connections fostered on TikTok LIVE. 
- @puzzlingbeats, based in the UK and better known as Katherine, uses TikTok LIVE to fuse her love of puzzle-solving with immersive, music-driven experiences. Through cryptic riddles and captivating soundscapes, she challenges the body, mind, and soul in playful yet transformative ways. A passionate advocate for creative exploration, she’s constantly redefining what it means to learn—and have fun—simultaneously. 
- @fiaahamiltonis a UK-based independent music artist and a rising star who has built a devoted fanbase through TikTok LIVE. Celebrated for her powerful vocals and heartfelt lyrics, Fiaa recently won the 'Most Inspiring Award' as part of TikTok's Gimme The Mic. 
- @strictlypipais an artist on TikTok who livestreams almost every day from Singapore. She engages international audiences, frequently co-hosting with creators of various nationalities. With her extensive knowledge of music, she uses TikTok to showcase her art of blending the ancient pipa's elegance with contemporary tunes, crafting captivating music that beautifully melds Eastern and Western influences. **Looking ahead with TikTok LIVE** As we celebrate creators who make TikTok LIVE the ultimate platform for connection and creativity, we're committed to fostering a safe and authentic environment and continue supporting creators' success. "TikTok LIVE is transforming the way creators connect with their audiences, empowering them to deepen real-time engagement and build meaningful community connections, " said **Adam Wang, Head of TikTok LIVE** . "We're so proud to witness the vibrant creativity of our community and the achievements of LIVE Fest in the past year. In 2025, we're dedicated to helping our creators and community succeed in exciting new ways and we look forward to a great year to come." As we wrap up LIVE Fest 2024, get ready with us for more updates and relive the best moments from LIVE Fest by following @TikTokLIVE and checking out #TikTokLIVEFest on TikTok.