# TikTok launches Behind the Breakthrough

- Behind the Breakthroughis a new content series spotlighting TikTok-driven artist success stories, which launches with Gigi Perez's 'Sailor Song' 
- TheBehind The Breakthroughcampaign features documentary-style videos, in-app experiences and enhanced search functionality **Wednesday 29th January:** Today TikTok is proud to announce the launch of **Behind the Breakthrough** , a new regular content series which takes a deep dive into the stories behind breakthrough artists who were first embraced by the TikTok community, and who went on to find great success off platform. Behind the Breakthrough is a documentary-style series that captures TikTok breakthrough artists reflecting on how their music and career has been transformed by engagement with the TikTok community. For the inaugural campaign, **Gigi Perez** (1.1m followers) looks back at the launch of her career on TikTok, how she used the platform to build a fan base, and how the TikTok community embraced her track **Sailor Song** , making the track a hit both on and off the platform, and taking Gigi Perez's career to new heights. Gigi Perez said: "This is an absolute honor! I started making videos over five years ago and TikTok has impacted my life greatly. Building community by sharing my music has changed the course of my life. I'm overwhelmed with gratitude and honored to be the first artist to kick off this series." Behind The Breakthrough has multiple campaign elements, including: 
- A short documentary style film in which the artist discusses their breakthrough on TikTok 
- Behind The Breakthrough Hub: an in-app wiki which showcases the artist and trending track, as well as highlighting their collaborators and top content. To access the experience, simply search 'Behind the Breakthrough' on TikTok. Gigi Perez ( @gigi4perez ) has been on TikTok since 2019, where she has over 1.1m followers and has racked up 20.8m likes across her content. Sailor Song has been used in 8.3m video creations, and viewed more than 22 billion times, making it one of the biggest hits in the world, both on and off TikTok. -- Ends --