# TikTok promotes and supports the Voluntary Principles to Counter Online Child Exploitation

By Jeff Collins, Head of Trust & Safety, Americas and Cormac Keenan, Head of Trust and Safety, TikTok EMEA TikTok is a platform that brings a joyful, creative and authentic experience to our millions of users. For people to feel comfortable expressing themselves, they must feel safe. Today, we are proudly announcing that TikTok is committed to promoting and supporting the Voluntary Principles to Counter Online Child Sexual Exploitation and Abuse, adopted by Five Eyes alliance, a collaboration between intelligence agencies in the US, Canada, UK, Australia, and New Zealand.  Protecting against the threat of online child sexual exploitation and abuse is an issue that requires a global response, including collaboration between governments and industry, and the sharing of skills and resources to support a safe online environment. The Voluntary Principles outline a high-level framework that can be consistently applied across sectors and services to respond to changing societal and offending behaviors and reduce risks for users.  This is one of our many efforts  to protect children both online and off. Keeping children safe from online sexual exploitation and abuse is critically important and can only be achieved through cross-sector collaboration. TikTok has a zero tolerance policy for predatory or grooming behavior and we are committed to closely collaborating with governments, industry, and others to continuously strengthen our policies, technologies, and strategies to provide a safe and positive online environment for our users.