All News Products Community Safety Company United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland 

### CommunityJul 30, 2025

 

# New trust and safety tools for creators, families, and the TikTok Community

 **Share this post** By: Adam Presser, Head of Operations and Trust & Safety Today we're announcing a suite of product features that reinforce how TikTok inspires creativity and brings joy to people around the world. These features enhance the experience for teens and families who discover and learn on TikTok, creators who express themselves and build thriving communities, and everyone who connects with content they love on our platform. All of this is made possible by our continued investment in safety, privacy, and security. **Features for families** Teen accounts have more than 50 different features and settings designed just for them so they can safely express their creativity, connect with friends, and learn on TikTok. On top of these built-in safeguards, TikTok offers Family Pairing, a feature that allows parents and guardians to tailor their teen's account to their individual needs. Combined with our Digital Safety Partnership for Families, we continue to equip families with a toolkit to have open and ongoing conversations about their experiences online. To further these conversations, we're starting to introduce new Family Pairing features that give parents more visibility about their teen's account. Family Pairing will include features that: 
- Automatically notify a parent when their teen uploads a video, story, or photo that's visible to others on TikTok. This helps parents stay informed and start open conversations about what their teen is posting, without disrupting a teen's creativity or independence. 
- Provide greater insight into the privacy settings their teen selects. For instance, parents will see if their teen (ages 16-17) has enabled downloads for their content, or if their following list is visible to others. They can also see which topics in ourManage Topicsfeature their teen has chosen to shape their feed. Learn more about all the new features for families announced today . **Supporting community well-being** At TikTok, we believe that our digital experiences should bring us joy, entertainment, connection and enrichment. Our features like Screen Time Management and Sleep Hours make it easier for people to create digital routines that work for them. But we hear from experts that long-term change often comes not just from restriction, but from positive reinforcement: building habits through encouragement, education, and a sense of progress. We consulted existing research, guidance from our global Youth Council , and conversations with experts like those from the Digital Wellness Lab at Boston Children’s Hospital to develop our idea. That's why today, we’re introducing a brand new feature called Well-being Missions. These are a series of short, engaging missions designed to help people develop long-term balanced digital habits. As people complete missions, they earn badges that encourage and reinforce mindful behaviors. We're also exploring a new in-app experience focused on digital well-being that brings together a range of supportive tools and activities in a holistic and accessible way. Learn more about all the well-being features announced today . **Empowering creators with new tools** Great content starts with great creators. They drive discovery, spark engagement, and are the heartbeat of the communities they build. Creators flourish when they feel safe **.** When creators feel protected, they can take creative risks, share their stories freely, and connect meaningfully with their audiences. As part of that commitment to creators, we're announcing new features that help protect TikTok creators and empower them with tools to succeed so they can continue making content people love. These updates include: 
- Creator Care Mode,which helps creators better filter out offensive and unwanted comments. 
- A new mute featurefor TikTok LIVE, that helps creators on LIVE to bulk mute words, phrases and emojis. 
- Content Check Lite,which allows creators to pre-check whether their content is likely to be ineligible for the For You feed before they post it. 
- Creator Inbox,a new professional inbox experience designed to help creators manage their messages more efficiently. 
- Creator Chat Room,which allows creators to connect and interact directly with eligible followers on TikTok. Learn more about all the features for creators announced today . **Maintaining platform integrity** Earlier this year we announced the pilot of Footnotes , a new feature that will help bring more context to content on TikTok. Footnotes draws on the collective knowledge of the TikTok community by allowing people to add relevant information to content on our platform. Starting today, U.S. users in the Footnotes pilot program can start to write and rate footnotes on short videos, and our U.S. community will begin to see the ones rated as helpful - and rate them, too. Learn more about Footnotes and how they'll work on TikTok. These features were previewed at our Discover and Learn Trust & Safety event that brought together teens, parents, civil society, NGOs and members of the media at TikTok New York. 

### CommunityJul 30, 2025

 **Share this post** 

### SafetyJul 30, 2025

 

## Supporting families with new Family Pairing features

 By: Suzy Loftus, Head of Trust and Safety for TikTok US Data Security Today, we're announcing new safety and well-being features for teens and families on TikTok. We're introducing new Family Pairing 

### NewsJul 30, 2025

 

## New ways we're helping our community build balanced digital habits

 By: Suzy Loftus, Head of Trust and Safety for TikTok US Data Security At TikTok, we believe that our digital experiences should bring us joy, entertainment, connection and enrichment. Having a positiv 

### CommunityJul 30, 2025

 

## New tools to protect and support TikTok creators

 At TikTok, we know that great content starts with great creators. They drive discovery, spark engagement, and are the heartbeat of the communities they build. We also know that when creators feel prot United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland