# TikTok launches first creator-led NFT collection

**Featuring Lil Nas X, Bella Poarch, Brittany Broski, Curtis Roach, and more** Inspired by the creativity and innovation of the TikTok creator community, we're exploring the world of NFTs as a new creator empowerment tool. Today we're announcing our first-ever NFT collection, TikTok Top Moments, designed by some of our community-defining creators and inspired by the trending videos they created. Building on our commitment to helping creators achieve their goals in the growing creator economy, TikTok NFTs provide a way for creators to be recognized and rewarded for their content, and for fans to own a culturally-significant moment on TikTok. The NFTs will be made available on Ethereum and will be powered by Immutable X , which uses StarkWare's innovative technology to create the first carbon neutral Layer-2 scaling solution for Ethereum. TikTok Top Moments features a selection of six culturally significant TikTok videos from some of our most beloved creators. Each one-of-one NFT celebrates the impact these creators – including Lil Nas X, Rudy Willingham, Bella Poarch, Curtis Roach, Brittany Broski, FNMeka, Jess Marciante and Gary Vaynerchuk – have made across entertainment, culture, and the TikTok community. The featured creators, renowned for their creative cultural impact, are partnering with prominent NFT creators, including COIN ARTIST, x0r, RTFKT, Grimes, and more, on limited edition NFTs. Proceeds will largely go directly to the creators and NFT artists involved, providing TikTok and NFT fans and enthusiasts with a way to show support to the creators they love. Fans can head to a dedicated drop site , where Lil Nas X will be the first creator to launch his one-of-one and limited editions with artist Rudy Willingham. The one-of-one NFTs will be made available on Ethereum, and the limited edition NFTs will be powered by Immutable X. A series of weekly drops will take place through the end of the month, after which the NFTs can be minted and traded with zero gas fees on the Immutable X Layer-2. **NFT ONE-OF-ONE DROPS ROLL OUT** **Lil Nas Xx@Rudy_Willingham** **On-Sale October 6** Lil Nas X’s “Montero (Call Me By Your Name)” broke the internet, then TikTok creator Rudy Willingham made a stop motion video of the song and broke the internet again. Rudy Willingham’s tribute TikTok to Lil Nas X is a hypnotic kaleidoscope of color and sound that caught the attention of millions, including Lil Nas X himself. Each of the 81 frames features Willingham’s signature cutouts, photographed against a background that reflects a different part of LNX’s genius. **@CurtisRoachx COIN ARTIST** Curtis Roach defined a unique period of quarantine with a 15-second TikTok video . In this symbiotic merging of worlds, the rapper partners with NFT leader, COIN ARTIST, on her first music inspired drop. **@FNMekaxRTFKT** FNMeka is the first robot rapper, captivating an audience of 10M followers on TikTok with videos like " can you guess what I'm cooking " Digital-imitates-life in this collab between robot rapper, FNMeka, and virtual shoe and collectible creator, RTFKT. The pairing features biological brothers IRL, creators Brandon and Chris Le. **Gary Vaynerchukx@JessssTheMessx x0r** Jess Marciante, Gary Vaynerchuk, and x0r want the most stitched video on Tiktok to live in your head rent free. This collaboration is fun - brought to you by a TikTok star and two business guys that love NFTs. **@BellaPoarchxGrimes** Bella Poarch and Grimes are dynamic musicians with cultural relevance: one is a TikTok icon , the other is a NFT pioneer. In this drop, IRL friends help each other break into the next big space. **@Brittany_BroskixGrimes** Brittany Broski broke norms with one of the internet’s most iconic videos , propelling her overnight to as "Kombucha girl." Grimes broke expectations with a $6 million NFT series. Driven by authenticity, this pairing’s proceeds will go to charity. Each TikTok video in the collection will also be presented at Infinite Duets: Co-Creating on TikTok , a new TikTok Exhibit at the Museum of the Moving Image in Queens, NY beginning on October 1 through November 5. "The creation that happens on TikTok helps drive culture and starts trends beyond the platform. As the creator economy continues to grow, we're continually looking for new and differentiated ways to support our creators. Now, fans can own a moment on TikTok that helped shape the internet while supporting some of their favorite creators. We're excited to see how our community and NFT communities engage with some of the internet's most beloved cultural milestones." **- Nick Tran, Global Head of Marketing, TikTok** TikTok delivers opportunities that reward creators for the passion, care and time they put into creating content that connects and inspires the community. Immutable X is the first Layer-2 scaling solution for NFTs, enabling mainstream businesses to create and trade NFTs with the security of Ethereum, the most popular blockchain for NFTs. All NFTs traded on Immutable X are completely carbon neutral. Together, we're excited about the potential of unlocking opportunities for creators. Check out TikTok.Immutable.com for more information.