All News Products Community Safety Company United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland 

### NewsAug 14, 2025

 

# Create, discover, and connect on TikTok with simpler and stronger Community Guidelines

 **Share this post** By: Sandeep Grover, Global Head of Trust and Safety Today we're publishing updates to TikTok's Community Guidelines to help everyone stay safe as they create, discover, and connect on our platform. We continue to maintain robust rules, because we believe that people are more creative, authentic, and inspiring when they feel safe. Our updated Community Guidelines reflect our deep commitment to trust and safety, with clearer, simpler language, more transparency, and new or enhanced policies. This update builds on our ongoing trust and safety work, including a suite of safety features for teens and families, creators, and the whole TikTok community. **What's changed** Our latest updates enhance our existing Community Guidelines, with the goal of making rules both clearer and easier for people to follow. They're informed by conversations and focus groups with creators to better understand their needs as well as experts and organizations from over 30 markets, including our regional Advisory Councils . In particular, creators asked us for simpler, clearer language and definitions, and consistent enforcement so they can follow our rules and build thriving communities on our platform. In response, we added a rules-at-a-glance section to provide a high-level summary of each policy, making this information more easily accessible. We introduced a few new rules and standards, including updates to better tackle misinformation, refined others, like bullying, and consolidated some, like bringing gambling, alcohol, tobacco, drugs, firearms, and dangerous weapons into a unified regulated goods and services policy. To help our creators and users better understand rules for their accounts and our products, we've expanded the Accounts and Features section to better reflect our safety measures for features like direct messaging, comments, LIVE, and TikTok Shop. We've also enhanced transparency about how we enforce our rules. For instance, we explain how we approach emerging harms during crises. We also provide more information about how our policies are applied in different regions to reflect and respect local cultures and norms. **How we're enforcing our rules** As we've strengthened our Community Guidelines, we've enhanced guidance and training to help ensure moderators and machines apply our rules consistently and accurately. We continue to invest in moderation technologies, including AI, to further scale our proactive approach to enforcement. Today, over 85% of the content removed for violating our Community Guidelines is identified and taken down by automation, and 99% of that content we remove before anybody reports it to us. We make it easy for creators to appeal removals or restrictions, and appeal rates have stayed steady as we've added and relied more on moderation technologies. We're starting to notify everyone about our updated Community Guidelines today, and they'll take effect on September 13, 2025. We encourage everyone to get familiar with our rules and tools for creating, sharing, and discovering safely on TikTok. 

### NewsAug 14, 2025

 **Share this post** 

### NewsAug 8, 2025

 

## TikTok Launches Exclusive Jonas Brothers In-App Experience to Celebrate "Greetings From Your Hometown"

 Celebrate 20 years of Jonas Brothers with a new multi-tab hub featuring their new album, tour, and exclusive fan content The multi-platinum, global pop superstars Jonas Brothers have been in the game 

### CommunityAug 5, 2025

 

## TikTok partners with creators MrBeast and Mark Rober on the launch of TeamWater, a global campaign in partnership with WaterAid to help bring clean water to 2 million people worldwide

 TikTok is proudly launching the fundraiser with a $1.5 million donation to WaterAid. The campaign will be supported by a global coalition of content creators from more than 84 countries with a combin 

### CommunityJul 30, 2025

 

## New trust and safety tools for creators, families, and the TikTok Community

 By: Adam Presser, Head of Operations and Trust & Safety Today we're announcing a suite of product features that reinforce how TikTok inspires creativity and brings joy to people around the world. Thes United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland