# The MDA Kevin Hart Kids Telethon streams LIVE on TikTok

The Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) telethon is back, and this time Kevin Hart is taking the lead to host this beloved event as it streams on TikTok. The telethon that began with Jerry Lewis in 1956 brings memories of celebrities and entertainment all designed to help fundraise for the MDA. This year, the event will benefit Kevin Hart’s charity, Help From The Hart, in addition to the MDA to help remove barriers so children and adults have equal access to opportunities and care.  We're excited to help Kevin and everyone at the MDA revive this classic show for a modern audience by streaming it live on TikTok this Saturday, Oct 24 2020 from 5-7pm PT. The evening includes an unbelievable lineup of celebrities and performers here to entertain and encourage viewers to support an important cause. Acts appearing on the show will include music, comedy, fitness, dance, interviews, and a healthy dose of surprises to keep everyone tuned into the event. With appearances from celebrities including **Garcelle Beauvais, Aloe Blacc, Jack Black, Usain Bolt, Don Cheadle, Common, Bryan Cranston, Cindy Crawford, Whitney Cummings, Stephen Curry, Adam Devine, Fat Joe, Josh Gad, Liz Gillies, Aldis Hodge, Edwin Hodge, Michael B. Jordan, DJ Khaled, Zachary Levi, Daniel Levy, Loni Love, Leslie Mann, Jillian Mercado, Kelly Rowland, Robin Thicke, Gabrielle Union Wade, John David Washington** and more -- this will be a show like no other.  The MDA has funded research, care and advocacy for more than 300,000 people in the United States living with muscular dystrophy, ALS, and related neuromuscular diseases. During the LIVE, viewers will also get an inside look at the families, research, care, and advocacy work of the MDA. Viewers can donate directly to the MDA via a TikTok LIVE feed donation sticker, making it easier than ever to offer support to this important cause.  TikTok is proud to be a platform for those with Muscular Dystrophy, ALS and related neuromuscular diseases, to share their story and promote understanding and awareness. Whether it's answering questions, joining in on a trend , or simply posting positively, creators with muscular dystrophy, ALS and related neuromuscular diseases have helped spread awareness and gained a following by being themselves.  @tinab_noel_lily We’re answering more Questions about Noel ##disabilitiyawareness ##musculardystrophy ##caregiver ##specialneedsmom ##specialneeds ♬ original sound - TinaB 
 Airing live on the LOL! Network's TikTok channel on Saturday, Oct 24 2020 from 5-7pm PT, the community will be treated to a true revival and expansion of the historic event.