# Introducing the New Creator Rewards Program

Home to a global community powered by our creators and their creativity, TikTok brings together people around the world through content that connects, entertains, and inspires. With a community as unique and diverse as ours, we remain committed to investing in the best tools and technology for our creators to unleash their creativity, build their community and monetize in a way that's most authentic to them. And as we constantly look to enhance the TikTok experience for everyone on our platform, we learn from how tools and features are embraced. We first introduced longer videos in 2022, and since then, interest in longer-form storytelling has only grown. So much so that the TikTok community now spends 50% of their time on TikTok watching videos longer than one minute. We introduced the **Creativity Program Beta** to encourage creators on their TikTok journey to generate higher earnings and unlock more opportunities by sharing their longer content. During the beta period, we spent time gathering valuable feedback from our community, ensuring the program meets the needs of our creators. Today, we're excited to share that the Creativity Program is out of beta. As we officially introduce **Creator Rewards Program,** we look forward to continuing to partner with our creators and helping them realize their full potential. **Optimized Rewards Formula** The Creator Rewards Program will continue to reward high-quality, original content that is over a minute long, using an optimized rewards formula focused on four core metrics: **originality** , **play duration** , **search value** and **audience engagement.** 
- Originalityrefers to quality content unique to the creator, showcasing their point of view or creative thought process in a way that resonates with their community. 
- Play durationaccounts for both watch time and finish rate. The new formula rewards accounts with content that is clear, and engaging, rather than favoring accounts with an excessive amount of videos. 
- Audience engagementincludes likes, comments and shares, all contributing to increasing creators' content value within the program. 
- Search valueis a metric assigned to content based on popular search terms. Content that aligns with in-demand search topics increases its value for searchers. To find inspiration for content that resonates with audiences on TikTok, creators can use the recently announcedCreator Search Insightstool to better understand what topics are popular in Search. 
- The new formula will also automatically reward creators for their account's ad value determined by their community's ad watchtime. To be eligible for the Creator Rewards Program, creators must be at least 18 years old, have at least 10K followers with a minimum of 100K views in the last 30 days, and have a personal account in good standing where the program is available. **More Insights with an Elevated Dashboard** We've enhanced the Creator Rewards Program dashboard to provide updated analytics and data, along with more customization for deeper analysis of their content performance, estimated rewards, qualified views, and program eligibility to ensure creators have the tools needed to build their content strategy. Each individual video will now have dedicated pages for RPM and qualified video views, providing creators with detailed information on these factors, including view trends, insights, and explanations. Creators will also have access to their last payouts for reliable records of their previous and upcoming earnings. The Creator Academy is also directly accessible from the dashboard to quickly reference information on the program and its rules. The dashboard, available to all creators in the program in the coming weeks, aims to serve as a valuable tool to empower creators to identify new opportunities and take an informed and strategic approach to content creation. **Supporting Our Creators' Growth** Now available via in-app via Creator tools, the new **Creator Academy** is a comprehensive education hub that provides creators of all levels with resources, courses, articles, videos, and insights for additional guidance on their TikTok journey. Available in seven different languages, with more to come, the Creator Academy replaces the Creator Portal and will soon also be available through the **Creator Center** web-app in the coming weeks. We've also improved the Monetization module within the in-app Creator tools to provide a centralized hub where creators can access all operations related to monetization, including a detailed revenue analysis that displays all the ways creators are getting paid across the tools they are using, as well as customized insights, and personalized recommendations based on the creator's content. Additionally, creators can find an overview of all of TikTok's monetization offerings, and a tailored set of case studies featuring successful creators who've used various features and tools for added inspiration. In addition to the the new Creator Academy and Creator Center Monetization module, creators can tap into all of TikTok's educational resources, including **TikTok University** and **Creator Newsletter** for even more information and updates to discovering opportunities on TikTok. To ensure the safety of our community, all videos for the Creator Rewards Program must adhere to our **Community Guidelines** and **Terms of Service** . For additional details and our list of safety tools, please visit the **Creator Academy** .