# TikTok’s new Transparency Reports and Transparency Center

Today we're taking another step in our commitment to transparency and accountability with our refreshed online Transparency Center . The updated center will house all of TikTok's historical Transparency Reports as well as our more interactive reports going forward, including our H1 2021 Content Removal Requests Reports that published today. **TikTok's Transparency Reports** TikTok's Transparency Reports are important for staying accountable to the actions we take to safeguard our platform and protect its integrity. To build trust through transparency, we began releasing reports in 2019 and have continued to evolve them with new, deeper, and industry-first data disclosures, such as the volume of suspected underage account removals we made, or the number of ads we rejected for not meeting our standards. Our Transparency Reports include: 
- Community Guidelines Enforcement Reportthat offers quarterly insight into the actions we take to uphold our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service. 
- Information Requests Reportthat provides bi-annual data on the legal requests for user information we receive from government and law enforcement agencies and the nature of our response. 
- Government Removal Requests Reportthat details the requests we receive bi-annually from government agencies to restrict content and any actions we took as a result. 
- Intellectual Property Removal Requests Reportthatshows the volume of copyright and trademark content take-down notices and our response on a bi-annual basis. 
- California Privacy Rights Report, released yearly,that details the requests to know and requests to delete that we receive from US users. We gathered feedback from civil society organizations and experts as we developed our refreshed report formats and are putting their input into action by introducing the ability to download data in machine readable formats. Additionally, our reports are now much more visual, with interactive charts and graphs to better illustrate the data and our actions. Our reports will be published in 26 languages, including Arabic, Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Melayu, Bengali, Burmese, Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Hebrew, Italian, Japanese, Khmer, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Russian, Urdu, and Vietnamese. Our goal is to make our Transparency Center a one-stop shop to learn about how TikTok moderates and recommends content, develops products, and safeguards people's information. Today's updates are a continuation of that goal, and we're excited to share more updates along the way.