# #BeCyberSmart: TikTok Summertime Safety Tips

School’s almost out for the summer! With temperatures heating up, and families trading in backpacks for swimsuits and leisure, TikTok remains dedicated to inspiring our global community to stay safe online. As part of our ongoing efforts to encourage people to #BeCyberSmart , we're celebrating Internet Safety Month with creators, experts, and leading organizations like Cathy Pedrayes , ConnectSafely , the Family Online Safety Institute (FOSI), National Cybersecurity Alliance (NCA), Identity Theft Resource Center (ITRC), and the Global Cyber Alliance (GCA). We're excited to spotlight some of our favorite tips and tools to help ensure a safe, supportive experience wherever you may be online: 
- Surf smart:Use caution when connecting to unsecured public Wi-Fi on the go. Be sure to setstrong, unique passwordson all accounts, and enable 2-step verification for an added layer of security. 
- Keep it all in the family:Check out TikTok's easy-to-usesafety and privacy controlswith tools to customize your online experience. 
- Catch the right fish:Phishingis a tactic used to trick people into giving up personal information.Avoid opening, downloading, or clickinglinks and attachments from unrecognized senders. 
- Leave no trace:Keep all devices and apps updatedwith the latest software and offload unused apps. Before trading in devices, back up personal data like photos or videos, and erase all content and settings to keep personal information private. 
- Play, watch, and learn together:Download apps, watch videos, play games, and stay engaged as a family to foster camaraderie across generations. Learn more in ourNew User guide. In collaboration with the Global Cyber Alliance (GCA) , TikTok is developing an individual cyber toolkit for families. With over 100 partners around the world, GCA shares TikTok's dedication to cybersecurity and privacy, working to deploy cybersecurity solutions that work for everyone. This free, step-by-step guide will help individuals and families to instill strong cybersecurity habits. "With its global and vibrant community, TikTok provides a powerful platform for spreading cybersecurity awareness and ‘how to’ knowledge at scale, as we work to achieve our commitment to building a safer, more secure world," said GCA President and CEO Phillip Reitinger .