# TikTok In The Mix Breaks Record for Biggest Ever LIVE Event on TikTok

**TikTok’s First Ever Global Live Concert is Viewed by Over 33.5M Unique Viewers** **The TikTok In the Mix livestream is officially the biggest ever LIVE event on TikTok** Credit: Getty Images **TikTok In The Mix** , the first-of-its-kind live global experience on TikTok, officially shattered viewing records, with **over 33.5M viewers*** in total enjoying the original broadcast and subsequent rebroadcasts of the show. In addition, the show on Sunday, December 10, which brought the best of music on TikTok to a **sold-out crowd of 17,000** at Sloan Park in Mesa, AZ, broke the record for the **biggest ever LIVE event on TikTok** , with a massive **9.6M viewers** tuning in to catch the show live. **Paul Hourican, Global Head of Music Partnerships & Programming at TikTok, said:** "In The Mix was an awe inspiring event where fans and artists came together to celebrate what we love about TikTok, where the power of the platform's music discovery played out on stage. An event of this magnitude truly takes a village, thank you to the amazing line-up of incredible artists, our partners, the sold out crowd in Arizona, and the record breaking audience who watched around the world in their millions on TikTok." Celebrating the music, trends, and experiences our community enjoys and creates every day, TikTok In The Mix gave fans the show of a lifetime, created by award-winning director Hamish Hamilton and Done+Dusted. The five-hour music event featured a slate of genre-defining musicians, including headliners **Cardi B** , **Niall Horan** , **Anitta** , **Charlie Puth** , **Offset** , and **Peso Pluma** , special performances by **Reneé Rapp** , and up-and-coming artists from TikTok’s Elevate program, **Isabel LaRosa** , **Kaliii** , **LU KALA** , and **Sam Barber** . @tiktok y'all hear that? @OFFSET’s mic is ON! #TikTokInTheMix ♬ original sound - TikTok From once-in-a-lifetime performances to sneak peeks backstage with your favorite artists and TikTok creator hosts, check out our video recap of TikTok In The Mix. Credit: Getty Images **Here's what performers had to say about the first-ever TikTok In The Mix** **Cardi B** ( @iamcardib ) lit up the stage with energetic performances of her hits including “ Bodak Yellow ,” thanking her fans following the performance. “ West coast it’s been real ❤️….Thank you TikTok for having me…Thank you to my team and thank you to my fans…y’all owe me nothing ❤️❤️❤️ @tiktok YOU KNOW WHERE SHE BE (Mesa, AZ for #TikTokInTheMix ♬ original sound - TikTok **Anitta** ( @anitta ) blessed us with an iconic performance of “ Downtown ” as the Brazilian superstar delivered unmatched vocals and choreo. She later recapped the event, saying, “ Last night was a dream! 💕 Soooo happy and proud to have brought Brazilian funk to the first-ever @TikTok music festival! ” @tiktok tbh i'm still recovering from @Anitta’s iconic performance of Downtown at #TikTokInTheMix ♬ original sound - TikTok **Niall Horan** ’s ( @niallhoran ) live rendition of “ This Town ” had us scream-crying every word. It was the perfect way to get us excited for his upcoming tour, adding, “ Thank you @TikTok for having me at In The Mix ! It was so much fun performing for everyone both at the venue and watching live on TikTok. Cannot wait to take this show on the road next year. ” @tiktok *screams* EVERYTHING COMES BACK TO YOU @Niall Horan #TikTokInTheMix ♬ original sound - TikTok **Peso Pluma** ( @therealpesopluma ) met up with Creator Host **Josh "Bru" Brubaker** ( @bruontheradio ) to discuss his pre-show ritual, favorite memories of the year, a few of the artists he’s been listening to lately, and more, before hitting the stage to perform hits like “ PRC .” @tiktok feeling super full after that performance bc @Peso Pluma SERVED #TikTokInTheMix ♬ original sound - TikTok **Sam Barber** ( @sambarber_music ) stepped away from center stage for a minute to share a few top songwriting tips. Up and coming artists, take notes! Credit: Getty Images **TikTok In The Mix special streaming on Disney+ and Hulu** The In The Mix fun isn't over. Available now, Disney+ and Hulu features a one hour special with highlights from the event, showcasing legendary moments including Charlie Puth and Jungkook’s duet, Anitta and Peso Pluma performing their new song “BELLAKEO” LIVE for the first time, a surprise appearance from Shaq, and more. TikTok In the Mix live event was co-produced by TikTok and GroupM Motion Entertainment, and sponsored by Paramount and Coca Cola. *Live unique viewers across original broadcast and subsequent three rebroadcasts.