All News Products Community Safety Company United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland 

### ProductsJun 3, 2025

 

# More ways to discover new content and creators you love

 **Share this post** The For You feed is the heart of the TikTok experience. It's where people go to discover new interests, and where creators build thriving new communities—like Karim and Jamal (@thecustardco) , founders of the family-owned ice cream shop, The Custard Company. Stories like Karim and Jamal's are possible because of how the For You feed helps people find new content and creators they love, beyond the ones they already know. Today, we're announcing more features to help people personalize their feeds and find their favorite new creators—including a new way to customize content preferences, more powerful keyword filters, and an educational guide to finetuning your For You feed . **New tools to explore your favorite topics** The For You feed empowers discovery by connecting people to great creators and content that are tailored just for them. We offer controls to help people further personalize their experience, and now we're expanding them with a new feature called "Manage Topics." With Manage Topics, you can customize how often content related to over 10 popular topics is recommended in your feed—from Creative Arts, Travel, Nature and Sports. These settings won't eliminate any topics entirely, but can influence how often they're recommended as your interests evolve over time. This makes it even easier for communities who love topics like animal history, science and more, to discover creators like @oddanimalspecimens . It adds to the many ways you shape your feed every day—from using other For You feed controls, to liking and favoriting videos, searching for topics you're curious about, or simply enjoying content. **Introducing Smart Keyword Filtering** We're also rolling out AI-powered "Smart Keyword Filters" to help people limit content they don't want to see recommended at all. To help people personalize their content feeds, we provide keyword filters that will restrict content containing any keyword they add. These have been used to filter over 200M words from feeds globally. Now, we're rolling out "Smart Keyword Filters," a new setting that uses AI to additionally limit content containing similar keywords like synonyms. The tool shows you which additional keywords are being filtered, and in the months to come you'll also be able to select or deselect specific ones you want to include. We expect Smart Keyword Filtering to get increasingly precise as more people use it over time. In the months to come, we'll also be doubling the keywords you can add to 200 and making it easier to add them in bulk, to further help people quickly and precisely shape their feeds. **Empowering through education** We're also launching a new educational guide which empowers people with tips and tools to understand and shape their feeds in one easy place. This is part of our continuous effort to help people understand how the For You feed works —which also includes features that show why content was recommended , and educational videos that have received over 180 million views around the world. Through the coming weeks, we'll also be rolling out a fresh set of videos that explain how the For You feed works. @tiktok Learn how TikTok recommends videos #ForYou ♬ original sound - TikTok As part of the initiative, we’ve also teamed up with TikTok creator and digital safety advocate, @cathypedrayes , to help bring these new tools to life. In her latest video, she shares tips on how these features can help you take more control over your For You feed and create an experience that feels more personal to you. @cathypedrayes Does your For You feed need a Spring refresh? TikTok is introducing more tools to personalize your feed and is also launching a new Safety Center Guide to help you understand and customize your feed even further. If you want more or less dancing, sports or want a full reset- here's a look at some of my favorite features.  #tiktokpartner #tiktoktips #FYP #lifehack #didyouknow #checkyoursetting #safetycenterguide #onlinesafety #tipsandtricks ♬ original sound - Cathy **Recommending content responsibly** All of these updates will be launching for both teen and adult accounts, building on the tools and safeguards that help people have a great For You feed experience on TikTok. These include: 
- Applying strict For You feed eligibility standards to restrict content that isn't appropriate for a general audienceof people from recommendation in For You feeds, and working to prevent content with mature or complex themes from reaching teens throughContent Levels. 
- Offering additional For You feed toolsto help peoplerefresh their For You feed, indicate they're "not interested" in a video or turn onRestricted Modeto further limit content that may not be comfortable for broad audiences. 
- Taking steps to interrupt frequent recommendation of some types of contentwhich are fine when seen occasionally, but may be problematic if seen too often—such as extreme fitness-related content. Together, these updates will further empower the many audiences on TikTok to explore, learn and discover content and creators they love. 

### ProductsJun 3, 2025

 **Share this post** 

### CommunityAug 5, 2025

 

## TikTok partners with creators MrBeast and Mark Rober on the launch of TeamWater, a global campaign in partnership with WaterAid to help bring clean water to 2 million people worldwide

 TikTok is proudly launching the fundraiser with a $1.5 million donation to WaterAid. The campaign will be supported by a global coalition of content creators from more than 84 countries with a combin 

### CommunityJul 30, 2025

 

## New trust and safety tools for creators, families, and the TikTok Community

 By: Adam Presser, Head of Operations and Trust & Safety Today we're announcing a suite of product features that reinforce how TikTok inspires creativity and brings joy to people around the world. Thes 

### SafetyJul 30, 2025

 

## Supporting families with new Family Pairing features

 By: Suzy Loftus, Head of Trust and Safety for TikTok US Data Security Today, we're announcing new safety and well-being features for teens and families on TikTok. We're introducing new Family Pairing United States United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland