# Family Online Safety Institute Welcomes TikTok

TikTok, the world’s leading destination for short-form mobile video, today becomes the newest member of the Family Online Safety Institute ( FOSI ). TikTok’s commitment to offering a home for creative expression and an experience that is genuine, joyful, and positive resonates strongly with FOSI’s digital parenting message, which encourages families to share their online experiences positively and talk with kids about what they do online. “The only way to address the rapid changes in online safety is to keep up with the platforms and services that teens and families use the most,” says Stephen Balkam, FOSI CEO. “TikTok has consistently been among the most downloaded apps in the world, which gives it an incredible opportunity to make a difference in the lives of its users.” TikTok takes the safety and well-being of its community seriously and has invested in policies, settings, controls, moderation, and education on a global scale. The app provides users with a robust set of controls to manage their individual experience, including limiting who can view or comment on their content, and it offers in-app reporting tools that make it easy to report misuse. In addition, TikTok has developed an online Safety Center , blog series , and safety videos to educate users about the controls and settings that can help curate their experience. FOSI supports TikTok’s commitment to create a positive experience and educate users about their safety options, which is critical to the shared mission of supporting and developing industry best practice in the online safety space. "TikTok is committed to building a positive environment where creativity thrives," said Kudzi Chikumbu, Director of Creator Community, TikTok. "Our community guidelines, in-app tools, and educational resources are designed to keep TikTok fun and welcoming for everyone and we are focused on keeping our community safe. We are pleased to support FOSI and its mission to make the online world safer for families." About FOSI The Family Online Safety Institute is an international, non-profit organization that works to make the online world safer for kids and their families. FOSI convenes leaders in industry, government and the non-profit sectors to collaborate and innovate new solutions and policies in the field of online safety. Through research, resources, events and special projects, FOSI promotes a culture of responsibility online and encourages a sense of digital citizenship for all. FOSI's membership includes many of the leading Internet and telecommunications companies around the world.