# TikTok announces agreement with Sony Music Entertainment

TikTok, the short-form video app with a mission to inspire creativity and bring joy, announces a new agreement with Sony Music Entertainment (SME) to make songs from SME’s roster of global superstars and exciting emerging artists widely available across the TikTok app. This is an exciting step forward in the level of collaboration between the two companies. With this deal, the TikTok creator community will have access to sound clips from Sony Music’s massive catalog of current hits, cutting edge new releases, emerging favorites, iconic classics and deep cuts from every genre of music for use in their TikTok content. TikTok and Sony Music will work together to support greater levels of TikTok user personalization and creativity on the platform, and drive new and forward-looking opportunities for fan engagement with SME’s artists and music.  Known as a music discovery springboard for viral hits, TikTok is also a growing destination for a range of artists looking to showcase their music and connect with new fans. This agreement will enable Sony Music and its artists to use TikTok to create greater awareness for their music and further enhance artist careers. TikTok will also partner with Sony Music in promoting artists on the platform.  Said Dennis Kooker, President, Global Digital Business and U.S. Sales, Sony Music Entertainment, “Short form video clips have developed into an exciting new part of the music ecosystem that contribute to the overall growth of music and the way fans experience it. TikTok is a leader in this space and we are pleased to be partnering with them to drive music discovery, expand opportunities for creativity and support artist careers.”   Said Ole Obermann, Global Head of Music for TikTok, "We are thrilled to enter in to this agreement with Sony Music so that we can continue to work together to connect the incredible roster of Sony artists in the US and across the globe to new audiences and harness the power of TikTok. Especially during this time when the artist community is challenged to find new ways to reach fans with their music, we are committed to working together to do just that."