# Liam Payne goes LIVE on TikTok for his birthday!

Paynettes at the ready - it's Liam Payne's birthday 🎈 this Saturday! Hopefully you've already scored tickets to his birthday LP Show, and to keep the celebration going, he'll be doing a special LIVE on his official TikTok account @liampayne . From 9:45PM BST on Saturday, you'll be able to wish Liam Happy Birthday and ask him all your questions about life in lockdown, his passions beyond music and more. He might even tell you his favourite TikTok challenges - earlier this month he celebrated 2 million followers with the very messy #ricechallenge ...  There will be loads of secret birthday surprises (and cake!) 🎁 but one little nugget we'll give you is that our very own legendary TikTok creator, @JeremyLynchOfficial , will be making a special appearance to chat with Liam.  If you've spent any time watching TikTok comedy or sports videos, we're sure you'll have come across Jeremy. He's racked up millions of views on his unique comedy skits and football tricks - you can read all about him in our TikTok Creator Spotlight. And you know they won't just be sitting on the sofa chatting...so don't forget to tune in! 🎉 @liampayne It's my birthday this Saturday, so at 9:45pm I'll be going live on TikTok and answering some of your questions below with added birthday surprises! ♬ original sound - liampayne New to TikTok and fancy joining tuning in? Getting involved couldn’t be easier - just download the app for free via the Apple App Store , Google Play or Amazon .