All News Products Community Safety Company United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland 

### ProductsMay 21, 2025

 

# TikTok and SoundCloud announce new Add to Music App partnership

 **Share this post** **Wednesday 21 May, 2025: SoundCloud** and **TikTok** are pleased to announce a new partnership that will see SoundCloud integrated into TikTok's music discovery feature, **Add to Music App.** **Add to Music App** is a feature which gives music fans the ability to save the songs they discover on TikTok to their preferred music streaming service. Since its global roll out in 2024, Add to Music App has generated over a billion track saves - and many billions more streams - on music streaming services. SoundCloud, the artist-first platform with over 400+ million tracks from 40+ million artists, is well known for being the home of emerging artists, genres, and music that cannot be found anywhere else. Starting today, a new integration will begin rolling out to all TikTok users, making it easier than ever to save the music they discover on TikTok directly to their Liked Tracks playlist on SoundCloud—empowering artists and fans to build lasting connections, so casual listeners can become lifelong superfans. This launch coincides with the debut of **Move Your Music** , a new SoundCloud feature that allows users to **easily transfer their music libraries** - including liked songs and playlists - from Spotify, Apple Music, YouTube Music, TIDAL, Deezer, and Amazon Music*. With both features working in tandem, fans can now bring their listening history to SoundCloud and seamlessly continue discovering new music without missing a beat. TikTok and SoundCloud are the go-to platforms for tastemakers and early music discovery, consistently shaping the trends that drive music listening worldwide. Add to Music App was designed to help music fans capture songs that they love in the moment of discovery, and easily save them to their preferred platform. No more switching between apps to find your favorite tracks. Whether it’s the latest TikTok trend or the ultimate personal discovery, all your music is saved in one seamless experience, ready for uninterrupted listening. **Emmy Lovell, SoundCloud’s Global Head of Music,** said: "SoundCloud has always been the go-to platform for discovering what’s next in music, from emerging artists to breakout genres. Partnering with TikTok makes it easier than ever for fans to save the songs they love and stay connected with the artists behind them. This integration helps turn casual listeners into lifelong superfans while strengthening our commitment to fueling the next generation of music culture." **Lindsey Kelt Zikry, TikTok's Global Product Partnerships Lead** , said: "Tens of millions of TikTok users take advantage of the Add to Music App feature to save the music they discover on TikTok to their favorite streaming platform. We are thrilled to be partnering with SoundCloud - the leading platform helping artists to bring their music from concept to audience - to support emerging and aspiring artists in reaching new fans and superfans on TikTok." Add to Music App appears as a button that says Add Song next to a track name at the bottom of a TikTok video in the For You Feed, inviting users to save the song to the music streaming service of their choice*. The first time a user presses the Add Song button, they can choose to save it to SoundCloud. Users can also choose or switch their preferred music streaming service at any time by going to Settings and Privacy on TikTok. The track will then be saved to a default playlist on SoundCloud. Following the first use of the Add to Music App feature, SoundCloud will then become the default music streaming service for future track saves. Users can also use the Add to Music App feature from an artist's Sound Detail Page. 

### ProductsMay 21, 2025

 **Share this post** 

### CommunityAug 5, 2025

 

## TikTok partners with creators MrBeast and Mark Rober on the launch of TeamWater, a global campaign in partnership with WaterAid to help bring clean water to 2 million people worldwide

 TikTok is proudly launching the fundraiser with a $1.5 million donation to WaterAid. The campaign will be supported by a global coalition of content creators from more than 84 countries with a combin 

### CommunityJul 30, 2025

 

## New trust and safety tools for creators, families, and the TikTok Community

 By: Adam Presser, Head of Operations and Trust & Safety Today we're announcing a suite of product features that reinforce how TikTok inspires creativity and brings joy to people around the world. Thes 

### SafetyJul 30, 2025

 

## Supporting families with new Family Pairing features

 By: Suzy Loftus, Head of Trust and Safety for TikTok US Data Security Today, we're announcing new safety and well-being features for teens and families on TikTok. We're introducing new Family Pairing United States India United Kingdom New Zealand France Germany Japan Korea Vietnam Indonesia Italy Spain Russia Australia Malaysia Singapore Ireland Brazil Portugal Latin America Taiwan Netherlands Thailand Philippines Turkey European Union Canada Africa Cambodia Myanmar MENA Sweden Poland Israel Kazakhstan Pakistan Bangladesh Romania Moldova Norway Azerbaijan Greece Denmark Finland